Kenji Tomochika - MSG_000_0_0   
Yo, Arisato.   
Happy - Dude! I heard the juiciest news just now!   
Happy - You wanna hear it? 'Course you do!   
Happy - Okay, here goes. And this is just between you and me, okay?   
Happy - Get this—so next month, I heard we have three fine-looking teachers coming in!   
Sad - After Emi— Uh, Ms. Kanou leaves, the faculty roster kinda loses its spark, y'know?   
Sad - Ms. Toriumi has that weird secret, Ms. Ounishi is obsessed with medicine...   
Sad - And Ms. Terauchi is like, going to India or somewhere...   
Angry - I mean, c'mon! Even our school nurse is a guy! Sure, guy nurses are out there, but we could do better than him!   
Sad - He's got some kinda anti-hooky agenda...   
   
Kenji Tomochika - MSG_001_0_0   
...Speak of the devil, you don't look so good. You need to go see that devil-nurse?   
If that's the case, sorry dude, but you're on your own. I refuse to set foot in that so-called nurse's office.   
Happy - Oh, oh, and those new teachers are coming by today to check out the campus.   
Happy - I'm thinking about hanging around the faculty office to scope 'em out. Wanna come?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Sure.   
Not interested.   
   
Kenji Tomochika - MSG_003_0_0   
Happy - Excellent choice, o wise one!   
Happy - We got electives to choose next year, right?   
   
Kenji Tomochika - MSG_004_0_0   
Sad - There you go again. Always the cool customer, aren't ya?   
Happy - But look—we got electives to choose next year, right?   
   
Kenji Tomochika - MSG_005_0_0   
Happy - So we've gotta make sure we choose the right one, if you catch my drift.   
Hm? Wait a minute... Wasn't today...?   
Surprised - Oh, crap!   
Sad - Sorry, man! I gotta split before she gets here!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Who's "she"?   
You're a busy man.   
   
Kenji Tomochika - MSG_007_0_0   
Sad - ......   
Sad - M-My little sis...   
Angry - She'll be coming here starting next month, so she's gonna swing by today and look around.   
Angry - But I'm not gonna be her damn tour guide! I don't wanna be seen leading her around by the hand everywhere!   
Sad - I wish I had an older sister instead...   
Sad - Well anyway, I'm gonna jet. Later.   
   
Kenji Tomochika - MSG_008_0_0   
Angry - Yeah, I know. But if I run into her she just won't shut up.   
Angry - It's my little sis. She'll be coming here next month, so she's gonna swing by today to look around.   
Angry - But I am not gonna be her damn tour guide! I don't wanna be seen leading her around by the hand everywhere!   
Sad - I wish I had an older sister instead...   
Sad - Well anyway, I'm gonna jet. Later.   
   
Kenji Tomochika - MSG_009_0_0   
Damn... This sucks!   
I really wanted to see those new teachers. I don't want to wait a whole month...   
Happy - Oh, yeah. When my sis enrolls next month, I'll introduce you two.   
Happy - She loves to yap, but maybe she'll shut up if you're around. Just help me, for the love of god.   
Sad - Wait, but then you'd become my brother-in-law one day, huh? Hm, I don't know about that.   
Surprised - Oh, shit. I gotta go. Later!   
   
