Aigis
I have heard that high school students engage in a social event called a "study group" before exams.

Aigis
Such an activity may allow us to learn more about one another. Is this permissible?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Let's study together.
No thanks.

Aigis
Roger that. Allow me to retrieve my textbooks and other studying materials.

Aigis
Understood. I shall remain on standby, should you change your mind.
I'm ready to undertake this "study group" operation anytime.

Aigis
Have you decided to engage in my previously requested study group activities?

Aigis
What do you think?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Let's study together.
No thanks.

Aigis
Roger that. Allow me to retrieve my textbooks and other studying materials.

Aigis
Understood. Please inform me if you change your mind.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Right now, the Temperance Arcana
may help me grow even more...

-----

Aigis
I have detected a gaze upon us for an estimated seven minutes now.

Ken Amada
Surprised - Oh, sorry... I just wanted to watch. Was I bothering you?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Don't worry about it.
This isn't a show.
I can stare too...

Ken Amada
Happy - Thanks...
Happy - I was just curious what it's like to study for an exam.

Ken Amada
Sad - S-Sorry, I didn't mean to be rude...

Ken Amada
Surprised - Huh!? Are you... trying to get back at me? I'm sorry...

Ken Amada
Sad - Um... Is it all right if I study with you? If it isn't too much trouble, I mean...

Aigis
My data states that elementary school does not feature regular examinations. Is this information inaccurate?

Ken Amada
No, you're right... We don't really have tests that we need study a whole week in advance for...

Ken Amada
Sad - Sorry, um... If you're not okay with it, I can just...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Come study with us.
Go get your books.

Ken Amada
Happy - Oh, thank you! I'll go get my workbooks now!

Aigis
...Next question. What is the term used to describe the property of having zero electrical resistance?

Ken Amada
Happy - Oh, I know! Superconductivity!

Aigis
Correct, Amada-san.

Minato Arisato - Selection
You're so smart.
How did you know?
Go! Superconductive Cyclone!

Ken Amada
Surprised - I-I just happened to see it on TV! It was an ultimate technique in Featherman... Not that I care about that stuff!

Ken Amada
Happy - Yeah, that's it! The Featherman technique! It's so cool— I mean, that's what I heard from a friend, anyway...

Koromaru
Bark!

Ken Amada
Sad - Oh, sorry, Koromaru... I guess I was being a little loud. Let's get back to studying.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
We all started taking our studies seriously...
I feel like I'm focusing better than usual...

Aigis
It appears that Amada-san has entered a state of non-REM sleep. He is in a deep slumber.
Sleeping here may cause his body temperature to decline sharply, risking illness. Shall we wake him?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Let's let him sleep.
Let's carry him to his room.

Aigis
Understood.
I wonder what kind of dreams Amada-san will have...

Aigis
Let's transport him carefully to prevent waking. I will accompany you on the way to his room.

