Koromaru
Arf, arf!

Ken Amada
Oh, Arisato-san.
I have some homework to do, but I'm having trouble getting started on it...
By the way, Arisato-san, you all have exams coming up, right?

Ken Amada
Well, in that case, why don't we study together?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Sure.
No thanks.

Ken Amada
Happy - You will? Thank you! Well, then...
Happy - Let's do our best.

Ken Amada
Sad - Oh, okay. Sorry for bothering you. I can do it on my own...
I'll see you later.

Koromaru
Arf, arf!

Ken Amada
Sad - Oh, Arisato-san, you're back. I just can't find the motivation to do my homework...

Ken Amada
Sad - I keep spacing out...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Let's study together.
You can do it.

Ken Amada
Happy - Really? Thank you! Well, then...
Happy - Let's do our best.

Ken Amada
I hope so. I'll keep trying... See you.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Right now, the Temperance Arcana
may help me grow even more...

-----

Ken Amada
Sorry to bother you like this... I just had a hard time focusing when I tried doing my homework alone...
Happy - Thank you for agreeing to study with me.

Koromaru
Woof!

Ken Amada
Happy - Koromaru says he'll study with us too. Right, boy?

Koromaru
Happy - Arf!

Ken Amada
It must be tough for you guys having to think about tests at a time like this.

Minato Arisato - Selection
Not really.
Maybe a little...
Gets me fired up even more.

Ken Amada
Surprised - Wow... I guess that's why you're the leader, Arisato-san.
I still wish this was just some dream that we're all going to wake up from soon.

Ken Amada
Sad - I guess even you feel the pressure, Arisato-san...
Sad - It makes me wonder... Should I really be doing homework at a time like this?

Ken Amada
Surprised - Huh!? You're actually enjoying this, Arisato-san?
Happy - Even in the face of grave danger, you never give up. You fight back with all your might... Like a hero! That's so cool!

Ken Amada
Still, the only thing we can do is carry on and complete our schoolwork as always.

Koromaru
Ruff! Ruff!

Ken Amada
What's the matter, Koromaru? Hm...? He's got something in his mouth.

Ken Amada
Did you bring this here for us?

Koromaru
Happy - Arf!

Ken Amada
Happy - Haha, thanks, Koromaru. I guess he's trying to cheer us up...

Ken Amada
Happy - I shouldn't make him worry so much.
Happy - Okay, time to study! If I have any questions, can I ask you for help, Arisato-san?

Ken Amada
Happy - And... done! That's it for my homework!
Oh, you're still studying, aren't you? Is it... okay if I stay here for a little while?

Ken Amada
I'll be sure not to bother you! Koromaru and I will be cheering you on. Good luck!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I continued studying with Amada
and Koromaru by my side...

Ken Amada
Happy - Oh, are you all done now? Cool!

Ken Amada
Koromaru was with us the whole— Wait, what? Where did he go?

Ken Amada
Were you waiting for us to finish?

Ken Amada
Happy - I guess it's our turn to hang out with him.

Ken Amada
Happy - Thanks for studying with me today. If you're okay with it, I'd like to do this again sometime.

