Maiko   
Crying - I... I dunno what to do...   
Crying - M-My dad, he...   
Crying - Waaaaaaaaaaaah!   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I should sit with her until she calms down...   
   
Maiko   
Crying - Dad, he... he... he hit me!   
Crying - He's so mean! It's not fair!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
That's awful.   
Why would he do that?   
   
Maiko   
Sad - Yeah! You think so too?   
Crying - Dad's mean! Stupid meanie!   
   
Maiko   
Crying - I didn't do anything wrong...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maiko looks dejected...   
   
Maiko   
Crying - All I did was ask why they're getting a divorce...   
Crying - They got mad at me and said to stay out of it.   
Sad - So I kept asking, but Dad yelled at me and... then he hit me...   
   
Maiko   
Crying - Then Mom said it was my fault for asking so much!   
Crying - I don't know if they love me anymore...   
Crying - Do they just wish I would disappear?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
It's possible.   
They would never.   
   
Maiko   
Crying - ...So that's why they get mad at me all the time. It's 'cause they hate me now.   
   
Maiko   
Sad - Never...? But then, why do they get so mad?   
   
Maiko   
Sad - What if I ran away from home...?   
Sad - I wanna know how they really feel about me...   
Angry - If they love me, they'll try to find me, right?   
Sad - ......   
   
Maiko   
Angry - It's a secret, okay? Don't tell Mom and Dad I'm running away.   
I know you won't tell!   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maiko seems to trust me a lot.   
I feel like we're growing closer...   
   
Maiko   
I have to go now... Let's play again sometime!   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I parted ways with Maiko and   
headed back to the dorm.   
   
