DEV: Internal MES - MND_000_0_0
There's a crowd forming in
front of the bulletin board...
Maybe I'll take a peek before
going to the faculty office...

===============================================================================================

Teacher
Oh, are you the new student?

Teacher
Minato Arisato...
You're a second-year, correct?

Teacher
Wow, you've lived in a lot of different places.
Sad - Let's see... Ten years ago, your parents—

Teacher
Sad - I'm sorry... I've been so busy, I didn't have time to read this beforehand.
Happy - I'm Ms. Toriumi. I teach Composition. Welcome to our school.

Minato Arisato - Selection
1. ...Thanks.
2. Nice to meet you!
3. What's your first name?

===2===

Ms. Toriumi
Happy - Wow, such enthusiasm!

===3===

Ms. Toriumi
Well, it's Isako...
Surprised - Wait, are you trying to hit on me!? You're a real troublemaker, huh?

===3, low charm===
Ms. Toriumi
Sad - You don't need to know my first name. Don't ask such things of a teacher.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I got brushed off...
Maybe I could've gotten a different response
if I had enough ***charm*** to be **...

=======

Ms. Toriumi
Have you seen the classroom assignments? You're in 2-F; that's my class.
But first, we need to go to the auditorium. The Welcoming Ceremony will be starting soon.
Come on, I'll show you the way.

-----

Principal
And so, another new school year is upon us.
I'd like each of you to remember the proverb, "If a job's worth doing, it's worth doing well."
When applied to student life, this means...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The principal continues with his speech...

Classmate
Psst... Hey.

Classmate
You came to school with Takeba-san this morning, right?
I saw you two walking together. You must be pretty close, huh?
What's the deal between you and her?
Oh, and does she have a boyfriend? Nobody seems to know.

Minato Arisato - Selection
1. She does.
2. She doesn't.
3. I don't know.

===1===

Classmate
Man, I knew it...
I mean, why wouldn't she, right?
Wait, how close are you guys?

===2===

Classmate
Really? You asked her?
Wow, I'm surprised...
Wait, how close are you guys?

===3===

Classmate
Oh, really?
I thought you might know, but... I guess not.
Wait, how close are you guys?

=======

Teacher from Another Class
Who's that? Someone's talking!
Sounds like it's coming from Ms. Toriumi's class.

Ms. Toriumi
Angry - Hey, shhh! Be quiet! You're gonna get me in trouble!

