Yukari Takeba
......
Sad - Why am I only ever right about the worst things...?
Sad - Am I stupid for trusting in something so blindly?

Yukari Takeba
Sad - Dad...
Sad - I got this letter from you last spring.
Sad - I must've read it a thousand times since then.

Letter
"To my family, ten years into the future."
"Tomorrow, I'll bring this letter to the opening ceremony for the Moonlight Bridge."
"It will be stored in a time capsule, and sent to you in ten years' time."
"Yukari... You may be small now, but in ten years, you'll be sixteen. You'll be in high school."

Yukari Takeba
Sad - ......

Letter
"I know you've been sad because I have to work so late, but you always manage to greet me with a smile."
"I'm really proud of myself. Kirijo-san appointed me Head Researcher."
"I'll be starting on a big project soon. It feels good to receive so much recognition for my work."
"But I swear to you, nothing is more important to me than you and your mother."

Yukari Takeba
Sad - Oh, Dad...

Letter
"Yukari... I wonder. Are you enjoying life? Do you have high hopes for the future?"
"Do you still look towards tomorrow with excitement and wonder, like you do now?"
"No matter what happens in the next ten years, I hope you're happy."
"And I hope this letter brings a smile to both you and your mother's faces."
"Eiichiro Takeba. March 6th, 2000."

Yukari Takeba
No matter what happens, huh?
......

Yukari Takeba
All I can do is believe.
......

Yukari Takeba
Angry - I won't turn my back. I won't be like Mom.
Angry - Not ever.

