Pharos   
Hi, how are you doing?   
   
Pharos   
I remembered a little more.   
   
Pharos   
The end won't be brought about by any one person in particular...   
It's going to happen because there are many who wish for it... Almost as if it was decided from the beginning.   
   
Pharos   
Happy - But isn't it strange, that there are those who would wish to bring about the end?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Not really.   
No one wants that.   
Who cares?   
   
Pharos   
Hmm, I see...   
Well, I guess if you're unhappy, you'd want it to be over quickly, huh?   
Otherwise, you might end up consumed by hatred for everything in this world...   
   
Pharos   
You really think so?   
What about the ones who just want their suffering to end, so they can be at peace?   
   
Pharos   
True, I guess that's not really something we need to worry about.   
Plus, I'm not even sure what the "end" really means yet.   
   
Pharos   
Well, enough of that for now.   
There was one more thing I wanted to tell you today...   
   
Pharos   
Soon, the flowers of poison will bloom...   
Three in the rival garden, and one in your own.   
I don't know if this has anything to do with the end, but you should be careful.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
But I don't grow flowers.   
Thanks for the warning.   
I don't understand.   
   
Pharos   
Really? From where I'm standing, it seems like you're surrounded by colorful flowers.   
   
Pharos   
Happy - I'm happy to hear you say that.   
   
Pharos   
I just wanted you to know... I'm worried about you.   
   
Pharos   
I'll let you know if I find out anything else.   
Happy - That's what friends are for, right?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Pharos gives me a carefree smile.   
I sense a bond between Pharos and me...   
   
Pharos   
Happy - Well then... Good night.   
   
