Fuuka Yamagishi
Oh, welcome back, Arisato-kun.
You're late. Ryoji-kun was just leaving.

Ryoji Mochizuki
Happy - Oh, hey there. Chilly out, huh? Hope you don't go catching a cold.
You know, I stop by here pretty often. Weird we never see each other.
Well, I'm outta here. See you later.

Junpei Iori
Happy - Later, Ryoji!

Aigis
Was that Ryoji-san?

Yukari Takeba
Yeah, he said he was going home.

Aigis
Sad - Why was he here?

Yukari Takeba
Happy - To see Junpei. They've been hanging out a lot ever since the school trip.

Aigis
Sad - ...But the rules state that visitors aren't allowed here.

Junpei Iori
Happy - Yeah, but Kirijo-senpai said it's cool as long as no one stays late.

Fuuka Yamagishi
I don't think we have anything to worry about.

Aigis
Angry - He... is dangerous.

Fuuka Yamagishi
Surprised - Dangerous? Ryoji-kun?

Yukari Takeba
Exasperated* - Come to think of it, he did hit on Mitsuru-senpai the first time he met her.

Fuuka Yamagishi
Happy - But having him around has really helped cheer you up, Junpei-kun.

Junpei Iori
Happy - Well, no point in dwelling on the past, right? Won't change a damn thing.

Aigis
That's true...

Junpei Iori
Hm? What's up, Ai-chan?

Aigis
I'm fine. It's just... I envy you, Junpei.
Sad - I'm a machine, so I don't understand what it feels like to "live."

Junpei Iori
Really? But you don't seem that different.

Aigis
In my case, it's more accurate to say that I'm "operational" as opposed to alive.
There are times when I malfunction, but I can always be repaired.

Junpei Iori
Well, if we were all like you, then we'd never have to worry about dying.

Junpei Iori
Surprised - Ah, crap! Uh, I don't have time to talk right now. I've got a mountain of homework...
Sad - Serves me right for slackin'. Welp, no use whining.

Yukari Takeba
Happy - Junpei studying on purpose? I guess hell finally froze over. Well, better call it a night, then.

Aigis
The gift of life is not something I should possess.
A weapon is much more difficult to operate when it's alive.

Aigis
Sad - That said, I believe I understand the concept of loss.
Sad - Minato-san...
Sad - The thought of something happening to you... It makes me...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Don't worry about me.
Stop overanalyzing.

Aigis
Sad - Understood.

Aigis
Sad - Forgive me. I'm just... concerned.

Aigis
You are very special to me...
I can't explain why, but I never want to leave your side.
I want to protect you at all costs, to be there for you always.

Aigis
Ah, I apologize for keeping you. You must be tired.
So much has happened in so little time... I'll return to my room as well.
Good night.

Aigis
Angry - Ryoji Mochizuki... He is dangerous.
Sad - What is this unsettling feeling?
Sad - I am a machine.
Sad - I can't die, so no one will have to grieve for me.
Angry - I... have to do something.

Aigis
Angry - I don't want to see them suffer anymore.

