Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I was told to fetch Aigis,
but she's not around...

Kenji Tomochika
Oh, the next one up for career consultation...? That'd be Aigis-san.
She was just here a second ago, but I guess she went out.

Kazushi Miyamoto
Maybe she's on the roof. I've seen her go up there alone every now and then.

Minato Arisato - Selection
Thanks.
I'll go look.

Kazushi Miyamoto
Sure, good luck.
So, do you think she's gonna go to college or get a job? She's full of mysteries, isn't she?

Kenji Tomochika
She's changed recently though, don't you think?
Like her expressions and stuff.

Kazushi Miyamoto
Sad - Again with that? Are you ever gonna stop thinking about hitting on girls?

Kenji Tomochika
Exasperated* - I don't mean it like that! All I'm saying is...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I should head to the rooftop.

===============================================================================================

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Aigis is standing there by herself.
What should I say to her?

Aigis
Looking away - ......

Minato Arisato - Selection
Can I talk to you?
Oh, there you are.
Something on your mind?

Aigis
...?
Sad - Oh, I'm sorry I went off on my own...

Aigis
...?
Sad - Oh, I'm sorry I went off on my own...
Sad - It's nothing, really. I just needed some time to think...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Aigis seems to be lost in thought.

Aigis
After New Year's, when I had time to gather my thoughts, I realized something...

Aigis
When I fought Ryoji-kun that night...
Sad - I got... really scared when my consciousness began to fade.
Sad - But that wasn't all...
Sad - I was also confused and ashamed when I realized I couldn't defeat him...
Sad - But I couldn't defeat him ten years ago either, and I didn't have those feelings then...
Sad - I... I really have changed...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Yes, you have.
And that's fine.
I like you better this way.

Aigis
I've been thinking a lot about this change that's occurred in me.
In the past, if I didn't understand something, I would just ask someone to explain it to me.
But ever since I decided to live for myself, no one's been able to answer the questions I've been facing...

Aigis
But... there's one thing that I do understand.
The reason why I wanted to be close to you was so I could monitor Death.
Sad - But I...

Minato Arisato - Selection
What's wrong?
......

Aigis
Sad - Even though Death is gone now, I...
Sad - I still want to be by your side.

Aigis
Sad - I still don't know what it means to "live" yet...
Sad - But I want to learn the answer.
Sad - And I think I can, if I'm with you...

Aigis
Very angry* - So, please! Please, take me with you!
Very angry* - I may not be strong enough, but I'll fight with everything I have!
Sad - Please...

Minato Arisato - Selection
All right.
I need you with me.
Don't let me down.

Aigis
Happy - ...!
Happy - Thank you!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Oh, right. I just remembered
Ms. Toriumi wanted to see Aigis.
The two of us left the rooftop together.

