Akihiko Sanada   
So, just ahead of here is the top, huh...   
   
Takaya   
I take it you've defeated Jin. You are quite a troublesome bunch.   
Even in these final moments, you still insist on fighting?   
Why struggle against the inevitable end?   
   
Akihiko Sanada   
Angry - Sorry to disappoint.   
Angry - Nothing's gonna end... Not if we have anything to say about it!   
   
Takaya   
Happy - Cease your petty resistance.   
   
Takaya   
Happy - Why not celebrate this wonderful moment, instead?   
Happy - I'm not opposed to seeing this world off in your company.   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Angry - Will you shut up already!? We're not letting that happen, got it!?   
   
Takaya   
My life was stolen from me... And in its place, I was given a power I never asked for.   
   
Takaya   
And so, I learned that the future is only a delusion.   
Only by striving to live every moment to its fullest can the soul truly be satisfied.   
   
Takaya   
That is why we welcome this glorious revelation, to shine a light upon this darkened world!   
   
Junpei Iori   
Angry - I've had enough of your shit!   
Angry - I'm not dying so you can have a frickin' night-light!   
   
Takaya   
Happy - This is not merely my own desire.   
Happy - Many of my disciples have gathered to rejoice in her arrival.   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Angry - That's just because Nyx is causing all these strange incidents!   
   
Takaya   
Happy - I'm afraid you have that backwards. Consider for a moment...   
Happy - Who is responsible for reviving Nyx? Can a single person boast of this great accomplishment?   
   
Takaya   
You all worked tirelessly to prevent it, and yet instead, you unwittingly aided in her coming...   
   
Takaya   
So you see, this is not just my will; it is the will of all people.   
People cannot face death without first finding meaning in life.   
Happy - But the world has realized that any meaning in it was lost long ago...   
   
Takaya   
Happy - Nyx has come because humanity has cried out for her salvation!   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Angry - No way...   
   
Ken Amada   
Angry - I-I don't believe you! Who would ever wish for Nyx to come!?   
   
Aigis   
Sad - No... There is some truth in what he says.   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Sad - Aigis...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Wandering without purpose, living an empty life, dying an empty death... passing your days without suffering...   
Sad - I don't know if this can be called right or wrong.   
   
Aigis   
But personally, I wouldn't want to live that way.   
I want a purpose, and to have others I care about... That's why I came all this way.   
   
Aigis   
Very angry* - To me... this is what it means to live.   
   
Mitsuru Kirijo   
We're not alone. On our own, we may be helpless, but together, we can achieve the impossible.   
This is what you lack. That's why you see the Fall as salvation.   
   
Mitsuru Kirijo   
In choosing solitude over bonds with others, you limit your own power.   
   
Takaya   
So a Kirijo, responsible for robbing us of our future, would dare to speak of our limits? How laughable.   
   
Takaya   
Then again, I should have known better.   
This is just the kind of bigotry I would expect from the ones who labeled me a failure.   
   
Mitsuru Kirijo   
Angry - ......   
   
Takaya   
However, fate has chosen us.   
   
Takaya   
If you recall, Arisato, I told you that if you dared to oppose me, I would show no mercy.   
If you intend to deny the future I have envisioned...   
   
Takaya   
...You'd best be prepared.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Let's settle this.   
We'll force our way through.   
   
Takaya   
Very well then... If you insist on proving your superiority, I shall do the same!   
Happy - Either way, your efforts are in vain... Nyx's arrival is but moments away!   
   
Takaya   
Very happy* - Hahaha!   
   
Takaya   
[cut 211 10 1]   
   
Takaya   
Very happy* - Ahahahahahahaha!   
   
Akihiko Sanada   
   
===============================================================================================   
   
Takaya   
Hurt - I've failed... haven't I...?   
   
Akihiko Sanada   
......   
   
Takaya   
Hurt - It's over for me... There is nothing more I can do...   
Hurt - Now... kill me.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
......   
I hope you're prepared.   
   
Aigis   
Angry - Wait, Minato-san...   
   
Aigis   
Angry - Are you scared?   
   
Takaya   
Hurt - What a peculiar question.   
Hurt - You must be a stranger to death if you think it is something to fear...   
   
Aigis   
Very angry* - ...What do you mean?   
   
Takaya   
Happy - You fear it because you do not understand it.   
Hurt - I've lived long enough. I have nothing more to say.   
   
Mitsuru Kirijo   
Exasperated* - We have no interest in taking the life of someone who can't even move.   
You will live to see if what you wished for comes true or not.   
   
Junpei Iori   
Scheming - Yeah, stay right there and think about what you've done.   
   
Takaya   
Happy - Hmph... What a truly baffling group you are...   
   
Mitsuru Kirijo   
We're finally here.   
Up ahead is the summit of Tartarus.   
...The Promised Place Ryoji mentioned.   
   
Mitsuru Kirijo   
Let's regroup for the final battle.   
   
