Takaya
You needn't hurry. The moment we await is predestined.
Happy - It makes no difference whether it comes sooner or later.

Junpei Iori
Angry - I got some words for you bastards... But today, we're here to save the world!

Fuuka Yamagishi
Angry - Please be careful! I sense an even greater power than before!

Takaya
Very happy* - Even as I speak, I can feel it. The end of everything...
Very happy* - I pity those who cannot see the blessing it truly is.

Takaya
Happy - We are mere mortals; we cannot change our fate.

Takaya
I don't like the look in your eyes... What is it that you see before you now?

Minato Arisato - Selection
A promise with my friends.
Hope for tomorrow.
Only the opponent in front of me.

Takaya
Angry - A promise. That's truly ridiculous. How absurd... I can't bear to watch you all!

Takaya
Angry - Hope. That's truly ridiculous. How absurd... I can't bear to watch you all!

Takaya
Very happy* - An admirable spirit. That's right... That's how it should be!

Takaya
Surprised - Why...? Fate is supposed to have chosen me...
Surprised - This again... Is my resolve still not strong enough...?

Takaya
Very happy* - If so... I'll throw away my trivial pride!

Takaya
Angry - With my entire being! Minato Arisato! I will bring you to your knees!

Fuuka Yamagishi
Very angry* - Ah! Everyone has been struck by fear! I have a bad feeling about this! Please get up!

Takaya
Happy - Hahaha... It seems we are destined to be at odds...
Happy - How can you summon such power even in the face of death...? Incorrigible, as always...

Ken Amada
Angry - This isn't about revenge... We're fighting to protect something.

Akihiko Sanada
Very angry* - What the hell...? Why can he use Theurgy!?

Yukari Takeba
Hurt - I have to heal everyone... quickly...!

