Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Where am I...?
The Velvet Room?

Igor
There's no need to worry.
This isn't the afterlife... You're still very much alive.
Do you remember what I once told you?
How the strength of your Social Links will determine your potential?

Igor
Listen... Can you hear their many voices?
Each one's power is faint... yet they all reach out to you...
Can you feel them?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Yes, I can sense them...
I don't know...

Igor
Close your eyes and listen... Their voices may be faint, but you hear them, don't you?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
A mysterious mass of energy
is gathering in Igor's hands...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I can feel my friends' powerful
emotions flowing into my heart.

Kenji Tomochika
Happy - I'll always have your back, Arisato.
Happy - All I can do right now is pray, but whatever it is, man...
Happy - Don't worry about a thing. I know you can do it.

Hidetoshi Odagiri
Happy - I know you're facing a difficult task, somewhere out there...
Happy - But I truly believe that you can overcome any obstacle.

Bunkichi
Happy - Something frightful is going on... But we're not giving up.

Mitsuko
Happy - That's right, dear... We have to be strong for Minato-chan...

Kazushi Miyamoto
Happy - Something crazy's going on here... But I know you're out there doing all you can, Arisato.
Happy - I'm not gonna lose hope. I learned that from you...

Chihiro Fushimi
Happy - I'm okay right now... And it's because you gave me the courage to stand on my own!
Happy - So please, you can't give up...!

Maya
Oh god, I'm freaking out here! But... I know he's doing his best out there too...
I don't even know what he looks like, but I know he's okay... I can feel it.

Keisuke Hiraga
Happy - Arisato-kun... I know you're trying to stay focused...
Happy - You were there when I needed you... I hope I can do the same...

Yuko Nishiwaki
Happy - Hey, Arisato-kun... Can you believe what's going on?
Happy - I know you must be doing everything you can, so I will, too!

Maiko
Happy - Everyone else is scared, but not me...
Happy - You showed me how to be tough!
Happy - I won't give up.

Bebe
Happy - Minato-dono, how are you doing? Ça va, I hope...
Happy - I am here for you... like you were there for me!

President Tanaka
Happy - What on earth made me think of you at a time like this?
Happy - Well, I suppose you did teach me a thing or two about trust...

Mutatsu
Happy - You were the one who taught me that runnin' away never solves nothin'...
Happy - And I bet you're somewhere out there fightin' the good fight right now...
Happy - Well, I'm here for ya too, kid.

Mamoru Hayase
Happy - I'll take on any challenge that comes my way without passing blame...
Happy - You taught me that, Arisato... I bet you're fighting right now too, huh.

Nozomi Suemitsu
Happy - You saved me, Minato-kun. I was so blind before...
Happy - I'm sure you've got things under control, right? You always do.

Akinari Kamiki
Happy - I know I'm not the only one who's suffered... You've endured a lot, too.
Happy - But you can't just give up... You taught me that.

Igor
Can you hear them?
These are the voices of hope that wish to help you...
Separately, they are weak... But together, they will bring about a great change in you.
Now is the time to draw on the true strength of the bonds you have forged!

Igor
I never dreamed of seeing that card with my own eyes...
This is indeed a surprise...
Behold the greatest power that you and I shall unveil.
It is the power to bring about a new beginning, or the ultimate end.

Igor
With this newfound power, it might now be possible...
Perhaps you can save those you hold dear, from that which cannot be defeated.
What you have in your hands is the power of the Universe...
Nothing is outside the realm of possibility for you now.

Elizabeth
We will soon reach your destination.

Igor
It seems that, in addition to Death, fate has also dealt you the wild card.
You must accept your destiny.
Our contract has been fulfilled... I have completed my role as well.
You were truly a most remarkable guest.

