Aigis's Voice
It's me, Aigis.
May I please come in?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Just a second.
I'm busy.

Aigis's Voice
But... I...!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
She sounds upset...
Maybe I should just let her in.

Aigis
Happy tears* - Thank goodness...
Happy tears* - I'm so happy to see you again.

Aigis
Sad - I'm sorry to show up so suddenly...
Sad - But... I really needed to talk to you.

Minato Arisato - Selection
No problem.
What's on your mind?

Aigis
Sad - I... remember everything.
Sad - It seems like everyone else has forgotten, but I remember...
Looking away - That day, we...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Yeah, we did.
Don't cry.

Aigis
Looking away - I'm sorry...
Sad - It's just that, when I remembered...
Sad - I was afraid you might go somewhere far away, like you did during the last battle...

Minato Arisato - Selection
I'm not going anywhere.
......

Aigis
Sad - Today is graduation day... isn't it?
Sad - I'm sorry... The ceremony's already begun.

Aigis
Happy - The weather is so nice outside.
Happy - Do you remember where we all promised to meet?
Happy - Why don't we go ahead and wait for the others?
Happy - We can enjoy the peaceful view of the city.

===============================================================================================

Class Representative
The time to part has finally come.
Though this is our last day together, we want the third-year class to know that we're truly proud of you.
We wish each of you good health, happiness, and success.
On this momentous occasion, I bid you all a fond farewell on behalf of the student body.

Teacher
Next, a word from the valedictorian...
From Class D, Mitsuru Kirijo-san.

Mitsuru Kirijo
Thank you.

Mitsuru Kirijo
This past year, I accepted an important responsibility as student council president.
When I first addressed you from this podium...
I spoke to you all about seizing opportunity while you had the chance...
It must have been fate that intervened and gave me an important reminder of this...
As many of you know, my father unexpectedly...

Mitsuru Kirijo
He unexpectedly passed away, due to sudden illness...

Mitsuru Kirijo
Sad - Sudden illness...?

Graduating Student
Wow, that's rare. I've never heard her stumble in a speech before.

Graduating Student
It's a big day... It must be tough to talk about her father.


===============================================================================================

Mitsuru Kirijo
I remember now...

Mitsuru Kirijo
That's right. After my father died... there
was a time I lost motivation to live my life.

Yukari Takeba
Huh? Am I... forgetting something?

Junpei Iori
Huh? Sanada-senpai?

Junpei Iori
Wh-What're you doing!?

Ken Amada
...Koromaru!

Koromaru
Arf!

Mitsuru Kirijo
But no longer. I shall honor my father's will.

Mitsuru Kirijo
I won't run from the future... I'll face it head-on.

Mitsuru Kirijo
Not a single doubt remains
in my mind. And the reason...

Junpei Iori
Our promise!

Akihiko Sanada
Mitsuru!

Fuuka Yamagishi
That's right...!

Mitsuru Kirijo
It's because I have forged such wonderful friendships...

Mitsuru Kirijo
And we swore that we would never lose hope,
no matter what the future may bring!

Yukari Takeba
Senpai! We remembered him and Aigis!

Mitsuru Kirijo
Yes, I did as well.

Mitsuru Kirijo
Let's go... They're waiting.

Voice from the Stage
Uh, hello? This is a ceremony! We're not done!


===============================================================================================

Aigis
The wind... It feels so nice...


Aigis
I admit, I'm finally noticing the
beauty of spring. It's wonderful.


Aigis
And yet, without exception, each and
every season will come to an end.


Aigis
We fought side by side...


Aigis
We faced the world's end...


Aigis
And now... I'm finally beginning to understand...


Aigis
...what it was I'd been searching for.


Aigis
I always wondered what it really meant to "live."


Aigis
Now, I think it's...


Aigis
Following your heart...
Fighting for what you can change...


Aigis
And accepting the things you can't.


Aigis
Nothing on this earth lasts forever.


Aigis
Every life will one day fizzle out...


Aigis
That holds true for all of us. And as soon as you
come to terms with it, you realize something.


Aigis

Aigis
You see what really matters...


Aigis
And find out what it is that gives your life meaning.


Aigis
When I learned that I wasn't strong enough...


Aigis
I was tormented by it. Now I understand why.


Aigis
Protecting others is the duty I was given...


Aigis
But to me, it was more than an obligation.


Aigis
At some point, it became something
I wanted to do for myself.


Aigis
Once I decided to try and prevent the Fall...
something inside me clicked.


Aigis
When I thought about how I
might never see you again...


Aigis
That's when I first understood...
what mattered to me the most.


Aigis
And so, I made up my mind.


Aigis
What I want... is to protect you.
From now, until the end of time.


Aigis
I want to stay by your side.


Aigis
And I know, I'm not the only one
out there who could do this...


Aigis
But still... I want to.


Aigis
Because I'm positive... if I do it for you...


Aigis
Then nothing's a waste.
My life... will have meaning.


Aigis
So... thank you...


top - ASA_008_0_0
Don't cry.
It's okay.

Aigis
Sorry... What's gotten into me?


Aigis
It's good... I've finally found a reason to live.


Aigis
So why am I...?


Familiar Voice
Hey, hey, heyyy!


Aigis
They're here...


Aigis
I see it now.


Aigis
I have friends... We support
each other through thick and thin...


Aigis
Not everything needs to be
for some greater purpose.


Aigis
Just caring about someone can be enough.


Aigis
That's all we need to give our lives meaning...


Aigis
As for me, I've found my path.


Aigis
And that's to protect you with my life.


Aigis
Thank you so much... for everything.


Aigis
You must be tired.


Aigis
Go ahead and rest now.


Aigis
I'll be right here. I won't be going anywhere.


Aigis
In a moment, the others will be joining us...


Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I'm getting sleepier...


Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Your eyes feel heavy...


top - ASB_019_0_0
Close your eyes
......

Aigis
It'll be okay.


Aigis
I'm right by your side...
Here to protect you forevermore.