Junpei Iori - MSG_000_0_0   
Happy - 'Sup, dude? Wanna grab a bite at Hagakure?   
Happy - I haven't had their special in a while.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
If you spot me.   
No thanks.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_002_0_0   
Surprised - Wai— Hold up, I ain't made outta money! I'm just a poor, broke high school kid here.   
Sad - C'mon, man, we're buds, right? We even bonded while playing catch and everything, riiight?   
Er... Guess we never actually got around to that, huh?   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_003_0_0   
Surprised - Aw, c'mon! Don't give me the cold shoulder, man!   
Sad - We're buds, right? We even bonded while playing catch and everything, riiight?   
Er... Guess we never actually got around to that, huh?   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_004_0_0   
Happy - 'Sup, dude? Wanna grab a bite at Hagakure?   
Happy - I haven't had their special in a while.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
If you spot me.   
No thanks.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_006_0_0   
Surprised - Hold up, I ain't made outta money! I'm just a poor, broke high school kid here.   
Sad - C'mon, we're buds, right? Just two pals dreamin' about being superheroes someday?   
Happy - Yeahhh... Those were some real good times.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_007_0_0   
Surprised - Aw, c'mon! Don't give me the cold shoulder, man!   
Sad - We're buds, right? Just two pals dreamin' about being superheroes someday?   
Happy - Yeahhh... Those were some real good times.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_008_0_0   
Hey, something's been buggin' me for a while now.   
That seat's been empty this whole time. Who even sits there?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Well...   
I don't know.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_010_0_0   
Exasperated* - Yeah, I know, I know. You don't remember either, right?   
Exasperated* - But, dude, this is driving me crazy. I'm seriously gonna lose all my marbles before the end of the school year.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_011_0_0   
Exasperated* - You don't remember either, huh? Seriously, who the heck sat there?   
Surprised - Gah, this is driving me crazy. I'm gonna lose all my marbles before the end of the school year.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_012_0_0   
Well, anyways... Hear me out for a bit?   
I got called in to Ms. Toriumi's office again.   
She asked me what I was planning to do after April. Dude, like I know!   
And I was tryna play it off, but then she got all worked up and gave me one hell of a lecture...   
Sad - Is it just me, or has she gotten way more serious than before?   
Sad - Tomochika was sayin' that you can't even bribe her with cake anymore.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_013_0_0   
Oh hey, didja hear from Tomochika about the new teachers coming in April? Apparently, they're all women.   
Happy - You have no idea how stoked he was. Honestly, I was getting major secondhand embarrassment.   
Happy - Well, none of that really matters to me. I already got a special someone...   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_014_0_0   
Hm?   
......   
I... did have a special someone, right?   
Sad - ......   
Surprised - I-I'm not making this up or anything! I wouldn't tell such a pathetic lie to try and look cool!   
Sad - I just thought that... that there was someone special in my life...   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_015_0_0   
Looking away - Have I... forgotten something important? Something I never should've forgotten...?   
Looking away - ......   
Looking away - Sorry, man... I think I'll pass on the ramen, actually.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_016_0_0   
Looking away - Something's been bugging me...   
Looking away - ......   
Looking away - I just... don't know what.   
Looking away - But... I feel like it's something I shouldn't have forgotten.   
   
Junpei Iori - MSG_017_0_0   
Happy - Well, I guess a lot's happened this year.   
Happy - I'm a bit fuzzy on the details, but I just know it was jam-packed with all sorts of thrills and chills.   
Weird though... If it was that exciting, why can't I remember anything?   
Sad - I dunno, man. Feels like my head's a right mess thinking about it.   
Sad - Dude, what the hell did we even do this entire year?   
   
