Bebe
Happy - Yatta, yes! This is my finest sewing work yet!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The foreign exchange student I met
at the bookstore is busy sewing.

Minato Arisato - Selection
I should say hi.
Better leave him alone.

Bebe
Surprised - Oh!? Bonjour, Minato-dono!
Happy - I haven't seen you since the bookstore!

Bebe
Angry - Hm, who's there!? Who dares enter the sacred home economics room?

Bebe
Happy - Oh!? Bonjour, Minato-dono!

Bebe
Happy - You came!
Happy - What a pleasant surprise! I am so happy to see you!

Minato Arisato - Selection
What are you doing?
You know my name?

Bebe
Happy - I am training in the art of sewing!

Bebe
Oui, I asked the teacher.
Happy - And from what I hear, you and I are in the same grade! How lucky!

Bebe
I am in this fashion club in order to hone my sewing craft.
Happy - Would you like to join me, Minato-dono? It is tanoshii—very fun!

Bebe
If I may be so bold, would you sign up for my club?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Sure, I'll join.
No thanks.

Bebe
Surprised - Honto!? Really!?

Bebe
But club activities are very easy!
You could just come by whenever you feel like! Onegaishimasu—please...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Bebe's starting to beg...
How am I supposed to say
no now? Guess I'll just join...

Bebe
Happy - Katajikenai—many thanks! I am thrilled to have a new member!
I am here on **Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays**. But it may be closed when we have exams.

Bebe
Sad - I have not made any good tomodachi—friends, so it is very sabishii—very lonely. Maybe it is because I do not fit in.

Bebe
Happy - But now you are here, Minato-dono! The divine fates have brought us together!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I ended up joining the fashion club.
I've gotten to know Bebe,
the foreign exchange student.

Bebe
Surprised - Whoa! Look at the time!

Bebe
Well then, au revoir, Minato-dono.

Bebe
Happy - ...Oh, that's right!
I was wondering, what is the best way to say bye to a friend? As in, what is the most culturally accepted?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Just a simple "See you later."
A cool and chummy "Peace out."
A stately "Until we meet again."
A theatrical, intense "I'll be back."

Bebe
Happy - I understand perfectly! See you later!

Bebe
Happy - I understand perfectly! Peace out!

Bebe
Happy - I understand perfectly! Until we meet again!

Bebe
Happy - I understand perfectly! I'll be back!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I parted ways with Bebe
and went back to the dorm.

