Bebe   
Sew up, sew down, sew all around... If the cuckoo doesn't sew, then I will show it!   
   
Bebe   
We should take a break for now.   
   
Bebe   
Happy - You have gotten much better at this, Minato-dono! Subarashii—wonderful!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
I can do better.   
Thanks.   
   
Bebe   
Surprised - Oooh, so humble! That is very admirable! Kanshin!   
   
Bebe   
Happy - I have to get better, too!   
Happy - I am glad to have such a great tomodachi as my rival!   
   
Bebe   
By the way, I have a question for you, Minato-dono.   
I would like to make something Japanese, but what?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
What do you like?   
Why not Western clothes?   
How about a kimono?   
   
Bebe   
Sad - I do have something in mind, but...   
   
Bebe   
Happy - But I am in Nihon—Japan! I want to make something Japanese!   
   
Bebe   
Surprised - A kimonooo!   
   
Bebe   
Happy - Yes... It has to be a kimono!   
   
Bebe   
Sad - But... kimonos are very hard to make.   
   
Bebe   
Sad - I don't really know where to start. And the material is not exactly affordable.   
Angry - Hmm... I have to think about it. But I appreciate the advice!   
You are the only one I can talk to here in this country.   
   
Bebe   
Happy - As long as I have you, I will be okay! Daijoubu!   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Bebe seems pretty grateful.   
I feel like we're growing closer...   
   
Bebe   
Oh là là, look at the time! I must make my way home now!   
   
Bebe   
Happy - See you later, Minato-dono!   
   
Bebe   
Happy - Peace out, Minato-dono!   
   
Bebe   
Happy - Until we meet again, Minato-dono!   
   
Bebe   
Happy - I'll be back, Minato-dono!   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I parted ways with Bebe   
and went back to the dorm.   
   
