Bebe
Sad - I think I am done for today.
Sad - Could we go somewhere to eat after this?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Sure.
Why?

Bebe
Happy - Merci, that means a lot to me!

Bebe
Sad - There is something I need to talk to you about.

Bebe
Sad - Well, there is something I need to talk to you about.

===============================================================================================

Bebe
Sad - Alors, where do I begin...?
Sad - I'm afraid... I might have to go back home soon.

Bebe
Sad - The only reason I was able to come here was because of my aunt.
Sad - But my uncle did not agree with the decision!
Angry - "Get home now! Maintenant!" Is he my uncle or the mafia?

Bebe
Sad - If I do return home, back to my uncle...

Bebe
Angry - I might never come back to Japan again!

Minato Arisato - Selection
You have to accept it.
Just stay in Japan!

Bebe
Tearing up - Please, no!
Tearing up - Japan is where I want to be! I want to learn everything about it!

Bebe
Happy - Do you mean it, Minato-dono!? I would love to stay!

Bebe
Happy - I want to dedicate my life to learning everything about Japan!

Bebe
Sad - Except, it does not matter what I say to him.

Bebe
Sad - I cannot afford to live here without my uncle's help.
Sad - And I have gotten to know you well, Minato-dono.

Bebe
Angry - I cannot simply say, "See you later," and leave you like this!

Bebe
Angry - I cannot simply say, "Peace out," and leave you like this!

Bebe
Angry - I cannot simply say, "Until we meet again," and leave you like this!

Bebe
Angry - I cannot simply say, "I'll be back," and leave you like this!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Bebe shared the troubles on his mind.
I feel like we're growing closer...

Bebe
Sad - It's almost time to say, "See you later."

Bebe
Sad - It's almost time to say, "Peace out."

Bebe
Sad - It's almost time to say, "Until we meet again."

Bebe
Sad - It's almost time to say, "I'll be back."

Bebe
Then I'll see you at the club sometime!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I parted ways with Bebe
and went back to the dorm.

