Bebe
Sad - Ngh... It is hopeless. I cannot focus.
Sad - I have barely sewn anything at all.

Minato Arisato - Selection
What's wrong?
Why not take a break?

Bebe
Sad - I just keep thinking about my uncle.
Sad - How can I convince him to let me stay here?

Bebe
Sad - Maybe if I became a samurai, I could stand up to him.

Bebe
As a matter of fact, yes, that is a good idea. Katajikenai!

Bebe
Sad - I just... I keep thinking about my uncle.
Sad - How can I convince him to let me stay here?
Sad - Maybe if I became a samurai, I could stand up to him.

Bebe
Surprised - ...Oh!
Happy - Maybe if we go have ourselves a sweet snack, I can come up with a plan!
Will you go to Azuki Arai with moi?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Let's do it.
Just one minute...

Bebe
Happy - Then to Azuki Arai we go!

Bebe
Surprised - Ohh, sugoi! You want to finish your sewing first?
You have so much discipline... You are just like a real samurai!

Bebe
I cannot fall behind my rival! First we work, then we go!

===============================================================================================

Bebe
Sad - I have thought about this even in my dreams...

Bebe
Angry - If I returned to my home country now, I would never forgive myself!
Angry - I want to stay here in Japan even if I have to eat dirt!

Minato Arisato - Selection
I have your back!
What will you do?

Bebe
Happy - Katajikenai! It means the world to know you are here for me, Minato-dono!

Bebe
Jitsu wa—actually, I have come up with a plan!

Bebe
I am so glad you asked, Minato-dono.
Jitsu wa—actually, I have come up with a plan!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Bebe seems pretty excited.

Bebe
Oui, I will return to my home country.

Bebe
Mochiron—but of course, I will not give up just like that!
Happy - Once I persuade my uncle, I will return!

Bebe
Happy - I will show him that this is a wonderful country!
All I need to do is figure out how to explain it to him.

Bebe
Happy - And with you at my side, I know I will find a way!
Happy - Please, Minato-dono! I can't do it without you! Onegaishimasu!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I can sense that Bebe trusts me.
I feel like we're growing closer...

Bebe
The day is coming to an end.
Happy - We will pick this up next time. See you later, Minato-dono!

Bebe
The day is coming to an end.
Happy - We will pick this up next time. Peace out, Minato-dono!

Bebe
The day is coming to an end.
Happy - We'll pick this up next time. Until we meet again, Minato-dono!

Bebe
The day is coming to an end.
Happy - We will pick this up next time. I'll be back, Minato-dono!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I parted ways with Bebe
and went back to the dorm.

