Bebe
Angry - If I put in my greatest effort, I will achieve the greatest outcome!

Bebe
Angry - One needle, one soul! This is my subete—my everything!

Bebe
Huh... That cheap material has been completely transformed!

Bebe
Sad - I could never have done this on my own.
Sad - Without you, I would probably be back home already.

Bebe
Happy - And thanks to all your help, the kimono is almost finished! I feel so blessed!

Minato Arisato - Selection
Congrats!
Aren't you homesick?
Don't forget, you owe me.

Bebe
Happy - Many thanks—katajikenai! Your kind words help me forget my aches and pains!

Bebe
Sad - My home country... With my aunt gone, there is nothing there for me now!

Bebe
Angry - I just want to hurry and put an end to this so that I may live and die in Nihon!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Bebe's pretty fired up.

Bebe
Happy - I would love to repay you!

Bebe
Sad - If I could, I'd treat you to a feast of Japanese snacks! But sadly, my wallet is empty.

Bebe
There's something I need to tell you, Minato-dono.
I have gotten to know many people since coming to Nihon.

Bebe
Happy - But you have been the most subarashii person of them all.

Bebe
Sad - If my aunt was still alive...

Bebe
I would tell her about what a wonderful friend you have been to me.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I can tell that Bebe really trusts me.
I feel like we're growing closer...

Bebe
Happy - And nooow! We put the final touches on this kimono!

Bebe
Sad - Sure, I am so tired I may be hallucinating a little bit.
Angry - But this is the last part... I can't give up now!

Bebe
Ready, set... go!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I spent the day helping Bebe,
then went back to the dorm.

