Bebe
Happy - There we gooo!

Bebe
Happy - At last, it is fini!

Minato Arisato - Selection
How does it look?
Great work!

Bebe
Happy - It came out very well! I cannot see a single thread out of place!

Bebe
Sad - Oogh... You always know the right things to say, Minato-dono.

Bebe
Happy - When my uncle sees this, he will surely change his mind about Nihon!
Happy - It is time for him to concede!

Bebe
I must hurry and go see him! Tout suite!

Bebe
Sad - Alors... I have to say goodbye for a little while.

Bebe
But someday, I will return!

Bebe
Happy - I will not give in to my uncle!

Bebe
......

Bebe
Happy - Minato-dono... Please, take this!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
DEV: Unused

Bebe
I made it out of the leftover material from the kimono.
It is a symbol of our friendship!

Bebe
Sad - Please...
Sad - Please wait for me, Minato-dono. I am certain I will return.

Bebe
Here in Nihon, the times I feel truly at home...

Bebe
Happy - They are the times I spend with you, my tomodachi.

Minato Arisato - Selection
I'll be waiting for you.
Good luck out there.

Bebe
Crying - Katajikenai...

Bebe
Tearing up - Ngh... *sob*

Bebe
Crying - Y-You are so thoughtful...

Bebe
Tearing up - Ngh... *sob*

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Bebe seems to really care about me.
I've gained a lifelong friend!

SYS_013_0_0
The Temperance Social Link reached its maximum level! You can now fuse **Yurlungur**, the governor of the heavens!

Bebe
Sad - It pains me to say this, but...
I will be leaving tomorrow.

Bebe
Happy - See you later, Minato-dono!

Bebe
Happy - Peace out, Minato-dono!

Bebe
Happy - Until we meet again, Minato-dono!

Bebe
Happy - I'll be back, Minato-dono!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I promised Bebe I'd see him again,
then I went back to the dorm.

