Bebe
I have been waiting, Minato-dono!
Happy - Let us be off to the home economics room!

Bebe
Sad - Ahhh, Minato-dono...
Sad - Will you be joining me today? There is something I must tell you...

Bebe
Sad - Ah, Minato-dono. What are your plans for today?
Sad - If you are not busy, then please do come to the home economics room.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Should I spend some time after
school at the fashion club?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Go to the fashion club
Check Social Link status
Not now

Bebe
Happy - Sewing is such fun! And I shall sew to my heart's content!

Bebe
Many, many thanks... And now, away we go!

Bebe
Sad - Oh... Then, I shall be all alone today...

Bebe
Sad - I understand...

Bebe
Happy - Now, let us make our way to the home economics room!

Bebe
Sad - Ah, yes... Will you be coming today? There is something I must tell you.

Bebe
Sad - Ah, yes... What are you doing today?
If you are not busy, then please do come to the home economics room.

Bebe
Happy - Oh, Minato-dono! Exams have come to an end.

Bebe
Ahhh, Minato-dono... Exams have come to an end, at long last.

Bebe
Happy - We both fought hard... Now my brain is exhausted.

Bebe
Happy - We both fought an intense battle... Now my brain is exhausted.

Bebe
Happy - I have been waiting, Minato-dono!
Let us be off to the home economics room!

Bebe
Now then, let us be off to the home economics room!

Bebe
Happy - Sewing is such fun! And I shall sew to my heart's content!

Bebe
Happy - Oh, Minato-dono! How do you do?
If you have the time to spare, would you care to join me for sewing?

Bebe
Happy - By the way, how do you do?
If you have the time to spare, would you care to join me for sewing?

Bebe
Happy - Many thanks—katajikenai!
Happy - You have a great sense for sewing, Minato-dono. Please do show me more of your skills today!

Bebe
Sad - Oh, Minato-dono...
Sad - Are you now departing for home? Or will you come to the home economics room?

Bebe
Now then, are you departing for home? Or will you come to the home economics room?

Bebe
At times like these, I must sew... Let us continue where we left off.

Bebe
Greetings, Minato-dono.
Happy - I humbly request you join me in the fashion club!

Bebe
Happy - Now then, I humbly request you join me in the fashion club!

Bebe
Happy - Ohhh, then off we go! To the home economics room!
Your skills continue to flourish, but I shall not be outdone...

Bebe
Happy - I have been waiting for you, Minato-dono!
It seems the threads of fate have brought us together. Could you spare some time to talk?

Bebe
Minato-dono! It seems the threads of fate have brought us together. Could you spare some time to talk?

Bebe
Happy - Oh, joyous day! Then let us speak, with a sewing machine in one hand!

Bebe
Minato-dono, are you busy?
Happy - To master the way of the kimono, I have need of your strength!

Bebe
Minato-dono, are you busy?
Happy - To master the way of the kimono, I have need of your strength!

Bebe
Happy - Katajikenai, I am eternally grateful! Then today, I shall sew as I have never sewed before!

Bebe
Oh! Salutations upon you, Minato-dono.
Sad - Rest assured, I shall create the ultimate kimono, but there is still more work to be done...

Bebe
Sad - Rest assured, I shall create the ultimate kimono, but there is still more work to be done...

Bebe
Happy - Oh, happy day! I do not know what to say! Let us hurry to the home economics room!

Bebe
Ahhh, Minato-dono!
Angry - It is the final countdown. Today, my project shall be completed!

Bebe
Angry - It is the final countdown. Today, my kimono shall be completed!

Bebe
Happy - Katajikenai, you have my thanks! Now... to finish this!

Bebe
Not Used


Bebe
Sad - Oh, is that so...? Then, please, do join me another time.

Bebe
Sad - How unfortunate... But I understand.

Bebe
Sad - ...I understand.

Bebe
Sad - If you already have plans, then there is nothing to be done...

Bebe
Sad - Oh no... Then I shall ask another time.

Bebe
Sad - Ngh... Then that leaves me with no choice, but to wait.

Bebe
Sad - Oh, I see... I shall wait for another time, then.

Bebe
Sad - Oh, is that so...? Then I shall be patient today.

Bebe
Why, Minato-dono! Obandosu! Good evening!
Is this not amazing!? We are here in Kyoto!
This is true Japanese esthétique! Simple, but élégante!
Just look at this pagoda! My, my... How does it stand with only matchsticks?
Behold, the wonders of Japan!

Bebe
Ah, Minato-dono! You are wearing a yukata!
I also wished to try wearing one, but... it was très difficile—very challenging.
The string, it got tangled up, and... and my clothes came off!
But you look fabulous! I am envious.
I wanted to feel like the evil magistrate...
You know, the kind who says things like, "Ohoho, I am quite villainous" on the télé—on the TV.

Bebe
Minato-dono! Today I saw Kiyomizu!
Kiyomizu was sooo high up!
And then I saw Kinkaku!
Kinkaku was sooo shiny!
Tomorrow, I will go see Ginkaku!
Kinkaku versus Ginkaku... Who will be the winner!?
