Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_000_0_0   
Happy - Oh! Heh heh...   
Sad - Sorry, didn't mean to spy, but... you're going out with Yuko, aren't you?   
I noticed she's been way more motivated lately... So you're the reason, huh?   
She even took a look at my knee with this huge book, pointing out all the muscle groups and where I injured it...   
Happy - She really knows her stuff now. Guess that's the power of love, eh? Haha.   
...Well, she's a great girl. I'd better not catch you making her cry, alright?   
Happy - But I guess I'm the last person you wanna hear that from. Besides, you're not that kinda guy.   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_001_0_0   
Oh, right. I wanted to talk to you about something.   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_002_0_0   
Happy - Oh, good timing, Arisato! There's something I wanted to talk to you about.   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_003_0_0   
I went back to the hospital to get a checkup on my knee.   
The results are in...   
Sad - ......   
Happy - It's 100% healed! They said I can run all I want now!   
Happy - Dude, I was so happy, I almost broke the doctor's back, I hugged him so hard!   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_004_0_0   
But thinking about it now...   
How would things have gone if I'd kept running through the pain?   
Angry - I was pushing too hard, only thinking about myself. I got pissed off when things didn't go my way...   
Angry - So I threw out the advice I got, and... shot my knee to hell.   
Sad - Man, I was such a moron... At least I can see it now.   
Sad - I kept saying it was all for my nephew, but in the end, it was just about my own damn pride.   
Sad - I got you, everyone on the team, and my parents all worried about me. And I didn't even stop to notice.   
Sad - I was a real selfish brat.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Don't worry about it.   
You really were.   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_006_0_0   
Happy - Haha... Thanks, man.   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_007_0_0   
Happy - Haha... Seriously! It pisses me off just thinking about it.   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_008_0_0   
Well, it took me this long, but at least I finally snapped out of it.   
Happy - Thanks, Arisato. It's because of you I'm standing here on two feet.   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_009_0_0   
I swear, things'll be different from here on out. I wanna repay you all for what you've done for me.   
No more stubborn pride. I'm gonna listen to what others have to say... even when it's not what I want to hear.   
Happy - Well, that's about it. I just wanted you to be the one I break the news to first.   
Happy - I'll run around to the faculty office and club room later to let everyone else know. Have a good one!   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_010_0_0   
Sad - ...Dude, are you good? You look kinda tired.   
Sad - Go home and get some rest, man. Good health is the most important part of training.   
Happy - We're still signed up for the spring tournament! If you slack off, I'm gonna leave you in the dust!   
   
Kazushi Miyamoto - MSG_011_0_0   
Sad - Man, I had everyone worried sick...   
Happy - Well, the Miyamoto family has a saying for times like these! "Nothing repays a debt better than hard work!"   
Happy - Just you watch! Next run I do's gonna be a record breaker!   
   
