Aigis
Sad - I... Huh?

Ominous Voice
Welcome to the Velvet Room.

Strange-Faced Man
Ah... It appears we have a very rare guest indeed.
Are you human? Or merely humanoid?
It seems your destiny is similar to mine.

Aigis
Sad - Where... Where am I?
Sad - Who are you?

Strange-Faced Man
Ah, forgive my manners. Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Igor. And this is my assistant Elizabeth.

Igor
We both reside here in the Velvet Room.

Elizabeth
Pleased to meet you.

Igor
This place exists between mind and matter. It is a room for those who have forged a contract.
Yes... In awakening to the power of the wild card, you are now bound to a contract.
Henceforth, you shall be our guest in the Velvet Room.

Aigis
Wild card...?

Igor
Surely you know that of which I speak. The ability to wield multiple Personas and their powers...
Until recently, a young man with the same talent was our guest here.

Aigis
Angry - Are you saying that you knew him?

Igor
Indeed I did. He achieved a marvelous thing—finding the answer to life.

Aigis
The answer to life...

Igor
The power you have gained is a means to attain that answer.

Aigis
Sad - If I were to find this answer...
Sad - Would it mean my death?

Igor
All who live journey in search of the answer, and they find it at the journey's end.
If you have close ties to people you call friends, remember this...
"Strength of heart, when united, is barred by no door."
It was the same for that young man.
And that is all I can tell you.

Aigis
Sad - ......

Igor
Well then, I mustn't hold you here any longer.
It would appear that an ordeal is about to unfold upon your return.

Aigis
Angry - ...That feeling again!

Igor
I am certain you will require our help in the future.
Please, take this.

Igor
It would be best if you came here of your own free will next time.
Until then, farewell...

Aigis - Thoughts
I once made a choice to live.
So much has changed
since then, myself included.
If this new power is a sign
that I'm drawing closer to life...
...does it mean that the answer
at the end of the journey is... death?
I was surprised, at the time, to discover
how little the possibility bothered me.

