Aigis
So, this is...

Aigis
Where is everyone else?

Metis
Don't worry about them. They're just waiting in their own areas.

Metis
You see the big door up ahead?
There's an arena through there. That's where we'll be fighting them.
And these are real battles. There will be a price for losing.

Aigis
Sad - ......

Metis
Sister? Are you listening?

Aigis
Sad - Is there really no other way...?

Metis
It seems so. The others didn't appear willing to back down, anyway.
Angry - But even if you refuse to fight... I won't let them take your key.

Aigis
[cut 12 2 1]

Aigis
Angry - You promised me that you wouldn't hurt my friends!

Metis
Angry - I know... But your life might be on the line here.

Aigis
What...?

Metis
Your key and your new power are both deeply connected to your heart.
So if your key is taken... I think your life could be at risk.

Aigis
But you don't know for sure.

Metis
Angry - No, but it's possible, isn't it!?
Sad - The other person with the same power as you died, didn't he!?

Metis
Angry - I'll... I'll protect my sister, whatever it takes.

Metis
You know... This is actually where I woke up.

Metis
Sad - I'd been wondering what this place is... But now, I have this feeling...
It's hard to explain, but... I think this is what I was meant to do all along.

Aigis
......

===============================================================================================

Aigis
This...

Aigis
This is where you woke up...?

Akihiko Sanada
Huh... Quite a set-up here. And perfectly fitting, if you ask me.

Aigis
Looking away - ......

Fuuka Yamagishi
Very angry* - Aigis! Sanada-senpai!

Ken Amada
Fuuka-san...?

Metis
She will be providing support to both sides equally. Is that acceptable?

Fuuka Yamagishi
Very angry* - Wait! You can't just decide that for me!
Very angry* - I won't help my friends hurt each other!

Metis
But with your ability—


Akihiko Sanada
Yamagishi, go with Aigis.
If you're wholly against the idea of us fighting, then you shouldn't be on our side.

Fuuka Yamagishi
Sad - But, Sanada-senpai...

Akihiko Sanada
Amada and I know what we want, and we're ready to fight for it.

Ken Amada
Aigis-san, have you decided what you'll do if you get the keys?

Aigis
Sad - I...
Sad - I can't fight my friends...

Akihiko Sanada
Takeba was right—we need to recognize our feelings. Sounds like you still don't.

Akihiko Sanada
Angry - If you don't have anything to fight for, just hand over your key and walk away.

Aigis
Very angry* - But...!

Metis
Angry - No, I won't allow it!

===============================================================================================

Akihiko Sanada
We're doing this! Show me what you've got!

Ken Amada
Angry - I know you don't want to fight... But we can't back down!

Fuuka Yamagishi
Sad - This is really happening...
Sad - Aigis... I'll provide support. It doesn't seem like we can talk them out of this...

Akihiko Sanada
Scheming - Heh... That's enough warming up.

Akihiko Sanada
Hurt - Good one... Now this is a fight!

Akihiko Sanada
Very angry* - I won't go down... No more holding back!

Ken Amada
Angry - You're even tougher than I thought!

Ken Amada
Hurt - Okay, I need to get serious... I'm stronger than this!

Ken Amada
Very angry* - I don't care how hard it gets... I'll never give up!

Akihiko Sanada
Angry - You did good, Amada... Just leave the rest to me.

Ken Amada
Very angry* - Sanada-san... It's okay, you can rest. I'll take care of this!

