Yukari Takeba
Sad - Where... are we...?

Yukari Takeba
Surprised - What the...? What is this place!?

Junpei Iori
Surprised - The hell's all this now? Didn't we just walk outside!?

Aigis
Angry - How are you all here?

Igor
There is no need to worry.
I simply summoned you that we might say our farewells.
This is quite a surprise, however... I did not expect your friends to follow you here.
It would seem that the power of the wild card within you has had an effect on them as well.

Fuuka Yamagishi
Surprised - Um, Aigis... You know them?

Metis
Happy - This is a place where those soon to awaken to their power can receive guidance.
Happy - Both my sister and your friend who sealed Nyx were guests here.

Akihiko Sanada
Surprised - Metis, why are you over there with them? Just what's going on?

Metis
Happy - It's like I said before—I belong on this side.

Metis
Happy - The Abyss of Time will disappear soon. The flow of time, and your everyday lives, will return to normal.
Happy - Congratulations, Sister... And the rest of you, as well.

Aigis
Metis, you...

Metis
Happy - Do you recall saying that you could no longer fulfill your purpose—to protect him?
Happy - Well... I think you might still be able to do so.

Aigis
What...?

Metis
Happy - We all discussed earlier getting rid of that monster for good.
Happy - Maybe someday, enough people will come to the same realization as you.
Happy - Were that to happen, the world would stop calling for Nyx, and the monster would no longer appear.
Happy - So until that day comes, continue fostering connections with others.
Happy - That is how you can still protect him.

Aigis
I really can... keep protecting him...?

Mitsuru Kirijo
Metis... Who are you really? Won't you tell us?

Aigis
I think... She's my other self...

Aigis
Sad - The pain of losing him was unbearable... So much so, I just wanted to be a machine again...

Aigis
You must be... the part of myself that I wished away.
My lonely sister, always afraid of being left behind...
Happy - You came to help me acknowledge and confront the pain of life.
Happy - I understand now... But I wish I'd figured it out sooner...

Metis
Happy - Sister...

Metis
Happy - The souls of all living things are connected through a plane similar to a sea.
Happy - I think... That's where I came from.
Happy - Your heart is connected to that sea as well.
Happy - You truly are alive.
Happy - And from now on... We'll always be together.
Happy - Sister... I'm coming home.

Aigis
Happy - Welcome back.

Aigis
Sad - I feel... tired...
Sad - It's been some time since I last felt like this. I haven't needed sleep in a while...

Igor
Well... It would appear our guest has safely reached her destination.
She has found her answer to life.

Yukari Takeba
Her... "answer to life"...?

Aigis
Sad - Please, tell me...
Sad - Now that I've found my answer... Is my life going to end?

Junpei Iori
"End"...? Whaddaya mean by that?

Mitsuru Kirijo
Aigis...?

Aigis
Faceplate down - It's strange, though. I feel... satisfied.

Yukari Takeba
Surprised - Wait, Aigis, are you...?
Surprised - No... No, you can't...!

Aigis
Happy tears* - I wish I had been there to say goodbye... I shouldn't have locked myself away in my room...
Happy tears* - Huh... Am I... crying?
Crying - Now that I think about it... Metis cried before...
Crying - I must have... even thrown away the ability to shed tears...

Igor
You've overcome this ordeal splendidly, and now you've reached the end of your journey.
It is time for us to part...

Akihiko Sanada
Surprised - Aigis? Cut it out! This isn't funny!

Fuuka Yamagishi
Surprised - Aigis, please...!

Aigis
Faceplate down - It's okay... Don't... worry...

Yukari Takeba
Surprised - Aigis... Aigis!

Voice of the Heart
You know...
You might be able to reach him now.
Not so much with words... But with everyone's hearts and strength.
If you were to do that...
He wouldn't have to carry on alone anymore.

