Akihiko Sanada - MSG_000_0_0
Hey, Arisato. It's quite rare for us to bump into each other here, isn't it?

Minato Arisato - Selection
True...
What brings you here?

Akihiko Sanada - MSG_002_0_0
I guess it's because I usually go straight to practice after class.
But today... I felt like looking around the school before heading over.

Akihiko Sanada - MSG_003_0_0
Nothing much... Just felt like looking around the school, that's all.

Akihiko Sanada - MSG_004_0_0
After all, this is my last day here...
The days flew by in the blink of an eye, but at the same time... it felt like this year would last for an eternity.
I've dedicated all three years of high school to boxing, and nothing else...
......
Sad - Was there really nothing else...?

Akihiko Sanada - MSG_005_0_0
Never mind, it's nothing...
I guess hanging out with everyone at the dorm counts as something. We even made pancakes together...
Happy - We had some good times.
Happy - If we hadn't lived in the same dorm, we might have never met each other.
Happy - It's hard to imagine...
......

Akihiko Sanada - MSG_006_0_0
Never mind, it's nothing...
I guess hanging out with everyone at the dorm counts as something. We even went to the movies together...
Happy - We had some good times.
Happy - If we hadn't lived in the same dorm, we might have never met each other.
Happy - It's hard to imagine...
......

Akihiko Sanada - MSG_007_0_0
I'll be leaving the dorms soon.
But that doesn't change the fact that I'll always be your senpai.
Happy - If you ever run into trouble, you can tag me in. Whatever happens, I'm on your side.

Akihiko Sanada - MSG_008_0_0
Do you remember Shinji...? Ah, I mean Aragaki.
......
Shinji was supposed to graduate with me...
Sad - I still can't believe that he was dragged into that incident...

