   
Akihiko Sanada   
   
   
It's me   
   
   
Sorry for the sudden invite, but I'm thinking about getting something to eat right now. Do you want to join me?   
I'm in front of Iwatodai Station.   
   
-----   
   
Sorry   
   
   
It's been a while since I told you I'd return the favor. It's about time for me to pay up, so meet me in front of Iwatodai Station.   
   
-----   
   
(No Subject)   
   
   
Somehow, even after all that's happened, I can still feel hungry.   
If you're free, I'd like you to come shopping with me. I wanna try something out, so if you can make it, come meet me at Iwatodai Station.   
   
-----   
   
Every once in a while   
   
   
It'd be nice if you could join me in my training regimen.   
Come meet me at Iwatodai Station if you're feeling up to it.   
   
-----   
   
This time for sure   
   
   
It's a new year already, but I still intend on keeping my word.   
I know it's a busy time, but let's go grab a meal together.   
   
-----   
   
Movie   
   
   
Can you survive this heat? Don't forget to stay hydrated.   
On another note, do you wanna catch a movie together? I hope they're showing something that would get our blood pumping.   
   
-----   
   
Are you free?   
   
   
I have some free time today. Do you wanna accompany me somewhere?   
I'm in front of Iwatodai Station.   
   
-----   
   
Koromaru   
   
   
I usually see Koromaru in front of the dorm.   
The other day, I brought him along with me on my jog. It was a good workout.   
You should hang out with him sometime.   
   
-----   
   
How're you doing?   
   
   
You're probably busy, but do you have time to meet me right now? I want to have a little chat with you.   
Come find me at Iwatodai Station.   
   
-----   
   
Sorry   
   
   
If you're free, can you spare a minute to help me out?   
I'm at Iwatodai Station.   
   
-----   
   
Training   
   
   
Do you want to join me today?   
   
-----   
   
Are you busy?   
   
   
Can you set some time aside for me?   
I'll be waiting at Iwatodai Station.   
   
===============================================================================================   
   
   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Looks like Sanada wants to hang out...   
Should I meet up with him?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Meet with Sanada   
Not now   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Let's head to where Sanada is.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
UNUSED   
   
===============================================================================================   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Looks like Sanada wants to go catch a film.   
Apparently, watching it could help me   
gain more ...   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Go with Sanada   
Not now   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Let's head to where Sanada is.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I'll reply later...   
   
