Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I spent time with Maiko on the playground.

Maiko
Happy - My tummy's grumbling! Can we go to Wilduck?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Sure, let's go.
Let's keep playing.

Maiko
Happy - Yaaay! You're the best! I wonder what the daily burger is today...

Maiko
Angry - But I'm too hungry to play! Let's go eat!

===============================================================================================

Maiko
Happy - I love going out to eat!
'Cause when I go with my mom and dad, everybody gets along!

Maiko
We used to have so much fun together!
Angry - Why would they get a divorce?

Minato Arisato - Selection
They fell out of love.
It's probably your fault.
I don't know.

Maiko
Angry - They don't... love each other!?
Sad - Nnn...

Maiko
Angry - But... what did I do!?
Sad - Nnn...

Maiko
Angry - I tried asking, but they said it was a grown-ups' problem...

Maiko
Sad - I... I don't want them to get a divorce!
Sad - Mom and Dad must hate me!

Maiko
Crying - No! Divorce is stupid! I hate it!
Crying - Waaaaaaaaah!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
...She's sobbing loudly.
What should I do?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Calm her down
Wait for her to finish

Maiko
Crying - Nnngh...

Maiko
Crying - Nnngh...

Maiko
Crying - Sorry... I know it's awkward for you if I cry...
Sad - I'll try not to...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Maiko is doing her best to smile...
I feel like we're growing closer...

SYS_012_0_0
DEV: Unused

Maiko
I have to go home now...
Thank you for playing with me today!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
After seeing Maiko home,
I headed back to the dorm.

