Maiko   
Crying - I can't take it anymore!   
Crying - Mom and Dad just keep fighting...   
   
Maiko   
Crying - I begged them to stop fighting so much.   
Crying - But... they told me to leave them alone...   
Crying - ......   
   
Maiko   
Angry - I made up my mind! I have to run away from home!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Don't do it.   
Calm down.   
It's up to you.   
   
Maiko   
Angry - Why not!? I thought you were on my side...   
   
Maiko   
Angry - I'm going to run away! I already said so!   
   
Maiko   
Sad - Okay... Sorry, I don't wanna be a brat...   
   
Maiko   
Angry - But I made up my mind, and I'm gonna run away!   
   
Maiko   
You mean I can do what I want!? You mean it!?   
   
Maiko   
Angry - Then I'm running away! I made up my mind!   
   
Maiko   
Angry - I better start packing soon...   
Angry - Hey... What should I bring if I'm running away from home?   
Angry - I need lots of snacks, right? And my... insurance card?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
That should be enough.   
It'll take more than that.   
   
Maiko   
Really? Wow! Running away is easier than I thought!   
   
Maiko   
Now... I just gotta decide when to sneak out.   
   
Maiko   
Angry - What, that's not enough?   
   
Maiko   
Angry - Okay, what else...?   
Angry - Maybe my PJs, and my toothbrush. Um... Is there more...?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maiko is deep in thought...   
   
Maiko   
Either way, I'm gonna give it a try!   
Don't worry, I'll be just fine, okay?   
Sad - I'm gonna miss playing with you though...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maiko seems fond of me...   
I feel like we're growing closer...   
   
Maiko   
When I run away, Mom and Dad will have to work together to find me!   
Happy - Hehe... This is gonna be great!   
I gotta make sure I'm ready to go.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I walked Maiko home, then   
returned to the dorm.   
   
