Maiko
I'm kind of hungry... Let's go out to eat!
What do you wanna get?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Hamburgers.
Japanese food.

Maiko
Happy - Oh! I want a Frog Burger from Wilduck!

Maiko
Happy - Hehe! Come on, let's go!

Maiko
Angry - Awww! But I want Wilduck Burger!
I wanna try the new Frog Burger they have!

Maiko
Sounds good, right? Come on, let's go!

===============================================================================================

Maiko
Angry - So... the other day, Mom and Dad...
Angry - They talked to me about why they were getting divorced.
It was sad, but I listened to the whole thing. Did I do good?

Minato Arisato - Selection
You're a good girl.
Not really.

Maiko
Happy - Hehe! Thank you!

Maiko
Angry - Hey! Being a good listener is hard, you know.

Maiko
Angry - So, Mom and Dad...
Angry - They said when there's no love, it's hard to stay married.
Sad - But... they said not to worry, 'cause they would love me no matter what...

Maiko
Sad - ......
Sad - So I told them... it's okay if they get divorced.
Sad - It must be hard to live with someone you don't love.

Maiko
Sad - Hey, so...
Sad - I have to choose if I wanna live with Mom or Dad...
Sad - Who do you think I should pick?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Your dad.
Your mom.
You decide.

Maiko
Yeah... I love my dad! He always buys me toys and stuff!

Maiko
But... Mom cries all the time now. I don't want her to be all alone...
Sad - Maybe I should go with her...

Maiko
Sad - Yeah... Mom cries all the time now. I don't want her to be all alone...
Sad - Maybe I should go with her...

Maiko
Sad - Hm... I don't know what to do...

Maiko
Oh!
Sad - If I go with Mom, I might have to move somewhere far away...

Maiko
Sad - And then I won't be able to play with you anymore! That's no fair...
Sad - I'd miss you too much...

Internal MES - MND_011_0_0
Maiko seems very fond of me...
I feel like we're growing closer...

Maiko
Sad - I'd better get home...
Hey, will you hold my hand on the way home?

Internal MES - MND_013_0_0
After seeing Maiko home,
I headed back to the dorm.

