
☆Maiko☆


-----

Let's play! 


I'm at the shrine
Let's play together!


-----

Hello! 


I'm hereee! Let's play at the shrine!


-----

*sweatdrop*


How are you? I'm doing okay 

-----

*sweatdrop*


I want to see you

-----

Promise


Did you tell anyone that I'm running away from home? 

-----

Take care :)


I want to see you one last time
Come to the shrine :)
I'm leaving my phone behind so I won't pick up

-----

Let's play


I'm not running away from home
So let's play at the shrine


-----

It's Maiko


Can you play today?

-----

Hello


I want to play with you
<3:)<3:)<3:)a loooooot
<3:)<3:)<3:)I want to talk to you too
<3:)<3:)<3:)

-----

Hiii


Are we playing today?

-----

Are you busy?


I can play today
Come to the shrine :):)

-----

What are we playing today?


I want to play a lot today!
And eat takoyaki too!!!

-----

Sunday 


Do you think Stripey will be at the shrine today?
I can't go because I have school so please play with him

-----

Hello


Are you coming today?

-----

(No Subject)


I really want to see you

===============================================================================================



Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Looks like Maiko wants to
spend time with me...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Should I meet up with her?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Meet with Maiko
Not now

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Let's head to where Maiko is.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I feel as if we can grow closer thanks to the
 Persona, ****...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I feel like I might grow closer
to  soon...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I don't think our bond will grow
any stronger even if I spend
more time with ...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I don't think our bond will grow
any stronger even if I spend
more time with ...

===============================================================================================

DEV: Internal MES - MND_000_0_0
Maiko seems worried about Kamiki...
Should I go to the shrine?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Go
Don't

DEV: Internal MES - MND_002_0_0
Let's head to the shrine.

DEV: Internal MES - MND_003_0_0
UNUSED

