Aigis - Thoughts
When I close my eyes...
I remember the last moment
I spent with him...
The day he fell asleep...
We brought him back to our dorm,
fear beginning to well up within us.
And the next morning,
our fears became reality.
He was lost to us.
For some time after that, I fell into
depression, and began having the
same dream night after night...
A dream where I run after him, calling
his name... but can never catch up.
When he was alive, I promised to protect
him, and I made that my reason for living.
But now... that promise can never be fulfilled.
Then one day, my sadness suddenly
left me, as if a mysterious fog had lifted.
I stopped dreaming... and I
now no longer require sleep.

Aigis
Sad - ......
Sad - It's no use. I can't sleep...

Aigis
Sad - Can I really continue living like this...?

Aigis
...?
A butterfly...?

Aigis
[cut 7 2 1]

Aigis
Angry - Huh? What's going on!?

Fuuka Yamagishi
Aigis, are you awake!?

Aigis
Ah, yes...! The door is open.

Fuuka Yamagishi
Very angry* - Aigis, come quick! We need you!

Aigis
Angry - Has something happened?
Angry - Are we... under attack!?

Fuuka Yamagishi
Very angry* - It's hard to describe. The lobby floor suddenly opened up, and...
Very angry* - Anyway, we need to hurry to the lounge!

Aigis
Angry - Understood!

Aigis - Thoughts
Come to think of it, that
day I stopped dreaming...
That must have been
when all this actually began.

===============================================================================================

Aigis
[cut 7 2 1]

Aigis
Angry - What's going on!?

Aigis
Angry - Are you okay!?

Mitsuru Kirijo
Hurt - Be careful, Aigis! Whatever it is, it's not human!

Mysterious Intruder
Faceplate down - ......

Aigis
Angry - A Shadow...? No, you're...
Angry - Impossible... You're just like me!?

Mysterious Intruder
Faceplate down - You're... Aigis.

Aigis
Angry - ...?

Aigis
Angry - Who are you? Why are you doing this?

Mysterious Intruder
Faceplate down - I'm Metis. I've come to protect you.

Aigis
Angry - Protect me?

Metis
Faceplate down - These people pose a threat to you. Therefore, I will eliminate them.

Aigis
Angry - What are you saying!?
Angry - I won't let you hurt them!

Metis
Faceplate down - Then I have no choice.
Faceplate down - I can't let you interfere. It's for your own good.

===============================================================================================

Metis
You're stronger... than I thought...

Metis
So it's come to this...

Fuuka Yamagishi
Huh?
Is that...!?

Aigis
Even this...?

Aigis
[w]

Fuuka Yamagishi
Aigis!

Mitsuru Kirijo
Amada!

Ken Amada
[w]

Ken Amada
[w]

Ken Amada
[w]

Koromaru
[w]

Aigis
I can't... move...

Ken Amada
[w]

Metis
All threats must be eliminated.

Ken Amada
[w]

Fuuka Yamagishi
No!

Aigis
I won't let this happen again!

Metis
What...!?

Mitsuru Kirijo
How on earth...?

Ken Amada
[w]

Metis
[w]

Junpei Iori
[w]

Mitsuru Kirijo
What is...?

Metis
Sis...ter...

Mitsuru Kirijo
Aigis! No!

===============================================================================================

SYS_000_0_0
Awakening to a new power, Aigis's Persona **Athena** has metamorphosed into **Orpheus**!

