Yukari Takeba
Sad - That was a "monster" of our "own creation"?
Sad - But... That was...

Mitsuru Kirijo
Don't worry, Yukari. It may have taken his form...
But that was a Shadow. At least it seemed like one to me.

Junpei Iori
Surprised - Wait, how does that make sense? It was using Personas!
Personas are supposed to be used to fight Shadows... Right?

Metis
Wait, so you don't know?
Personas and Shadows are the same thing. That's why you're able to fight them in the first place.

Metis
Shadows are the basest components of the human mind—suppressed thoughts given physical form.
When people lose the strength to face the darkest parts of themselves, those parts break loose, free from all control.
But in rare cases, people with a certain awareness are able to consciously tame their Shadows. That's all it is.

Fuuka Yamagishi
Surprised - So Persona-users are just people who can control their own Shadows...?

Junpei Iori
Sad - Wait, back up a sec...

Junpei Iori
Horrified - So Personas and Shadows are just different names for the same thing?

Metis
How didn't you know? Wouldn't whoever created me and my sister had to have known that?

Mitsuru Kirijo
Looking away - No one involved with that is still alive...

Yukari Takeba
Looking away - ......

Fuuka Yamagishi
Sad - So then... Our Personas are the cause of all this?

Metis
The power of Shadows affects both time and space...
So it makes sense that your subconscious thoughts would be manifested through your Personas.
You can't accept time moving on... You don't want to admit that you live in a present where you've lost someone precious...

Yukari Takeba
Sad - So that's...
Sad - That's why it looked like him.

Ken Amada
Sad - Time stopped, just like we wanted... And now we're stuck here with our memories...
We're the ones who trapped ourselves. Ha... How ironic...

Akihiko Sanada
Well, regardless of what it was, we beat that thing.
We understand our regrets. So shouldn't we be able to leave now?

Metis
Sad - Yes...

Junpei Iori
Horrified - Whoa! What the hell's this now!?

Aigis
It looks like... a key?

Metis
Those must be the keys that will allow you to leave.
Once you make it outside, the Abyss of Time should disappear on its own.

Ken Amada
But, um... Why are there eight of them?

Metis
Because you all had a hand in causing this. These keys can be likened to the power of your hearts.
The door should open if you use all eight at once.

Aigis
"Strength of heart, when united, is barred by no door"...
Is this what he meant...?

Junpei Iori
Happy - So we just put 'em all together and we're good? Cool, then let's get the hell outta here!
Oh, wait, uh... These are for the dorm entrance, right?

Metis
There is that... But it's not your only option.
There's another door as well—one that doesn't lead to the outside world...
You can exit through it, or the entrance... Those are your choices.

Akihiko Sanada
A door that doesn't lead outside, huh? So the one to his room? Why the choice?

Metis
The entrance will return you to the present... But the other door leads to the past.

Fuuka Yamagishi
Surprised - "The past"...?

Metis
The world of the past. You've all been there many times now.
But this time, the Abyss will disappear if you go through that door. You'll actually be in the past.

Akihiko Sanada
Angry - What...? Are you being straight with us!?

Metis
Angry - Why would I lie? I'm just telling you what I know.

Mitsuru Kirijo
Let me see if I understand correctly...
We have to choose between moving forward, past our regrets... or revisiting the source of them.

Aigis
What do you want to do?

Metis
Me? I'll go along with whatever you decide, Sister.
Happy - I just... want to save you from this awful fate...
Happy - That's all I care about.

Aigis
"Awful fate"...?

Metis
So what will you choose?

Aigis
I...
Sad - ......

Junpei Iori
Hey, uh... Why don't we go back to the dorm first?
This is way too heavy to decide right here.

Mitsuru Kirijo
Yes, I agree.

