Junpei Iori   
Scheming - Ha... Yeah! That's what you get, fightin' us world-savin'... warriors...   
   
Metis   
Surprised - Wow... We actually did it...   
   
Aigis   
Happy - I told you it wouldn't stop us.   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Sad - But won't that monster reappear eventually?   
Sad - Because people will still keep having those feelings, wishing for destruction...   
   
Mitsuru Kirijo   
You're right. It's certainly difficult.   
People struggle to keep death at bay, all the while forgetting what makes life worth living in the first place...   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Sad - I get it... That's why we need the seal...   
Sad - Without it, the people would just call for Nyx again, wanting everything to end...   
Sad - We can't help but feel that way, even when we're staring it right in the face. I couldn't stop it myself either...   
Sad - Even if we did go back to that battle... It wouldn't change anything. That's why he made that choice...   
   
Mitsuru Kirijo   
Sad - Yukari...   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Sad - I miss him... It hurts, knowing he's... gone forever...   
Sad - But... I can see his choice, and why he made it...   
Sad - I just... have to accept it. That this is what he wanted...   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Looking away - But it's... It's still really, really hard to do that...   
   
Ken Amada   
Hurt - I have to do better too...   
Sad - He protected all of us... And he still is, even now...   
   
Akihiko Sanada   
Happy - Yeah. We have to stay strong, just like he is.   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Happy - At least I... I feel like I finally got to really see him off.   
   
Junpei Iori   
Sad - If it wasn't for that monster, he could've made it back...   
Exasperated* - But I guess it's not like we can get rid of that thing for good. We can't change the feelings of the whole world...   
   
Aigis   
Yes, we can. We can do it.   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Surprised - Aigis...?   
   
Aigis   
It'll be different someday... As long as we're alive, we can change things.   
Happy - I know, because I was even able to change myself.   
   
Akihiko Sanada   
If that's our goal, then we gotta believe we can do it first.   
People aren't as hopeless as they think. We've already learned that much.   
   
Junpei Iori   
Happy - Yeah... You're right.   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Hm... "As long as we're alive, we can change things"...   
Happy - You know, Aigis... I think I get why you got the same power as him.   
Happy - This whole time, I was wondering why it got to be you and not me...   
Happy - But you were the one who really knew how to move forward. I guess you have that in common with him.   
   
Aigis   
Oh... Really?   
Happy - Well... I'm glad to hear that.   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Happy - I'm glad that you're glad, haha. You know... I was pretty jealous for a good while there.   
Looking away - Yeah, just petty jealousy, plain and simple. I wanted it to be me...   
Sad - And I said so many terrible things to you... I'm sorry.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Yukari-san...   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Happy - Come on, let's use that key and go back... to our time.   
Happy - I think we're all ready to start April 1st now.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Agreed!   
   
===============================================================================================   
   
Mitsuru Kirijo   
All right... Aigis?   
   
Aigis   
Yes.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Um... I don't know how else to say this, so...   
Sad - I'm very glad I got to know all of you.   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Exasperated* - Uh, isn't it a bit early to be getting sentimental?   
Happy - And you don't have to be so stiff. We're all friends here, right?   
Angry - Actually, you shouldn't say that at all. It's like you're saying goodbye.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Yes, you're right.   
   
Aigis   
Oh... Friendship...   
   
Aigis   
If something's mere presence can make you realize you're alive...   
And if that "something"... isn't death...   
Maybe it's... friendship.   
Is that... the answer to life I'm supposed to find?   
   
Metis's Voice   
Congratulations... Sister.   
   
