Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I'm in Shinagawa Dungeon...
I see Maya.

Maya
i went to the gym yesterday to work out! =D
...my muscles are sore, but i'm sooooo buff! ;)
theres nothin a little endorphins wont cure, rite?
orz (...sooooo much pain)
actually, i only went cuz i was so pissed at that bastard! ＞=/

Minato Arisato - Selection
Calm down.
What bastard?

Maya
ur rite, i should just calm down -_- ::breathes::
nuuuuuuuuuuu! i just cant get it out of my mind!! x_x

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Maya seems upset.

Maya
...errr sry ^^;; have kind of a dirty mouth today ＞_＞


Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Maya seems embarrassed.

Maya
what i meant was... i was upset cuz of this guy...

Maya
remember that Mr. E guy? (the SOB, rite?)
i made a small error on some paperwork and now he's all on my ass
"ur s'posed to b teaching correct grammar" he told me!! ＞=/ stfu old man!
he thinks he's all that just cuz he's a classic lit teacher ffs
doesnt he know who i am? im maya, u old bastard! t(^_^) xD
if Mr. E starts playin this game too im putting him on Ignore! xD
u can't talk to him either, k? hee hee... pwned!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Maya is confiding in me.
I feel like we're growing closer...

Maya
Mr. E prolly doesnt have a computer @ his house ne way... ＞_＞

he prolly uses an abacus! talk about "classic"! xD roflcopter
phew... much better. maybe i'll go take a shower now ::blush::
dun worry! i won't let that old geezer get me down, tatsuya!! ^_^

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Maya's player signed off.
I decided to log out as well.

