Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I'm in Shinagawa Dungeon...   
Maya isn't in the area...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
A mysterious light engulfs Tatsuya!   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Shinagawa...   
A gray-colored sky stretches   
as far as the eye can see.   
A barren wasteland lies before me.   
Maya is staring into the distance...   
   
Maya   
i saw u log on so i brought u here w/ magic. sry ^^;   
...i should apologize   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
About what?   
Oh, no worries.   
   
Maya   
about, uh... all that stuff i said? o_O;;   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems troubled.   
   
Maya   
no tatsuya, if u keep being nice i won't ever move fwd =S   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems a little happier.   
   
Maya   
remember how i said i would send our chat log to the admins before? ＞_＞   
   
   
Maya   
i dun think i will...   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Now they'll end it for sure.   
Is that why you're sorry?   
   
Maya   
......yeah pretty much huh -_-   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems genuinely sorry.   
   
Maya   
kinda, but... i meant sumthing else too ._.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems nervous.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
She's fidgeting in the sand with her feet...   
   
Maya   
i read over our chat log and i didnt like waht i saw =/   
what kind fo person plays an MMO jus to bitch about coworkers? -_-   
   
Maya   
u shouldnt have had to put up w/ me doin that. im sry m(_ _)m   
sum teacher i am, rite? =/   
   
Maya   
i kno it'll look like i'm chickening out an stuff, but...   
im thinkin bout quittin the MMO today. i... dun think i'll c u again T_T   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
This is sudden...   
I'll miss you.   
   
Maya   
yea... sry, i kno ive never been gud w/ this kind of thing...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems sad.   
   
Maya   
i'll totally miss u more *^_^*   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems happy.   
   
Maya   
since no1 can see my face on teh intarwebs, i said some p mean stuff... ^^;   
so i jus have to look @ myself in the mirror and make it rite! ^_^   
shyeah rite. =P i never woulda figured this out w/out ur help   
tatsuya taught me to be thoughtful even when im not around ppl =)   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya really trusts me.   
I feel like we're growing closer...   
   
SYS_026_0_0   
The Hermit Social Link reached its maximum level! You can now fuse **Arahabaki**, the aboriginal god!   
   
Maya   
...well, i better go now ._.   
i drew something in the sand for u   
check the ground once i log off, k? :3   
its kinda embarrassing, but i worked hard on it~   
if u upload a screenie to ur cellphone, u can keep it always! ^^   
   
Maya   
......... ._.   
i dun ever cry during romance movies but my eyes'll be red tonite... T_T   
remember, lets think positive! ...gg, tatsu. thx 4 everything   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya's player signed off...   
I looked at the area where   
Maya was standing.   
A message is written in the sand...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
i ＜--read downward!!   
luv   
u   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I sent the screencap to my phone.   
After taking a moment to reminisce on my   
memories with Maya, I logged off the game.   
   
