   
Nozomi Suemitsu   
   
   
LET'S GO!!! ☆   
   
   
   
Hey, you, cool kid. Your name was Minato-kun, right? Well, today's the day I'll finally treat you to a meal.   
Come to Paulownia Mall.   
   
-----   
   
Gourmet☆Friends?   
   
   
I must say, I was blown away at the sight of you scarfing down your food! Every time I rewind that memory, my appetite just EXPLODES!    
Come now, let us shake on our new friendship at Paulownia Mall.   
   
-----   
   
NICE☆RICE   
   
   
To my fellow foodie, who drifts in the same universe of flavor as I: it will soon be launch time.   
We take off @ Paulownia Mall NOW.   
   
-----   
   
Are you H U N G R Y?   
   
   
Yes or Y E S?   
We are on an endless journey in a galaxy of zest and zing.   
Isn't that so?   
Now then... Come, to Paulownia Mall. ☆   
   
   
-----   
   
FIRE!!!   
   
   
My heart has been thoroughly flambéed to a crisp! All I can do now is stress eat!!!   
You better come join me right now, my dear gourmet friend.   
   
   
Just between us   
   
-----   
   
I shall tell you the secret of life, but you shan't tell another soul...   
　↓   
　↓   
　↓   
　↓   
　↓   
　↓   
　↓   
　↓   
　↓   
　↓   
"Sticks and stones may break my bones, but carbs and fats will never betray me."   
You'll never betray me either, right?   
Come to Paulownia Mall.   
   
-----   
   
EMERGENCYYY!!!   
   
   
Let's put the past behind us and talk it out like adults, shall we?   
Only because you're my No. 1 supporter and the best gourmet friend I could ever ask for, Minato-kun.   
   
-----   
   
YES! YES! YES!   
   
   
I'm in paradise today    
Turn up the heat! Let's get binging!   
How do you feel about a high-calorie meal right now?    
   
-----   
   
Minato-kun   
   
   
I'm sorry about the other day. But I really do want to eat another meal with you again.   
   
-----   
   
MEAT MEAT VEGGIE MEAT   
   
   
Welcome to the bottomless pit of hanger pangs.    
Won't you join me?   
   
-----   
   
Fill in the blank: Eat like a __?   
   
   
And the answer is... "EAT LIKE A GOURMET KING"!   
You think you got what it takes? Then come on over!   
   
-----   
   
EMERGENCY!!!   
   
   
We have an SOS here: Suffering of Starvation! *sweatdrop**sweatdrop*   
Gourmet friends, ASSEMBLE!!!   
   
---   
   
   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Looks like Suemitsu wants to hang out...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Should I meet up with him?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Meet with Suemitsu   
Not now   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Let's head to where Suemitsu is.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I feel as if we can grow closer thanks to the   
 Persona, ****...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I feel like I might grow closer   
to  soon...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I don't think our bond will grow   
any stronger even if I spend   
more time with ...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I don't think our bond will grow   
any stronger even if I spend   
more time with ...   
   
