Ken Amada   
Oh. Arisato-san.   
I know you must be busy, but do you have time to come with me tonight?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Seems like Amada wants me to   
accompany him somewhere.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Should I spend the evening with Amada?   
   
Ken Amada   
Arisato-san, do you have some spare time?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Should I spend the evening with Amada?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Spend time with him   
Not now   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - Thanks. I wasn't sure if I'd be able to go there alone.   
I'd like to head over to Port Island Station now if that's okay with you...   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - Oh, well... That's too bad.   
I probably need your help to go there... I'll ask again when you seem free.   
   
-----   
   
(SE) Gang-Looking Person   
So then, I took it apart and put it somewhere...   
   
(SE) Heavily Made-Up Girl   
Gahahahaha!   
   
Ken Amada   
I want to go to a bar called "Que Sera Sera." It's down this way.   
...I was thinking of getting Mitsuru-san a gift.   
Sad - And I heard I might be able to buy what I'm looking for at the bar...   
   
(SE) Dull-Looking Woman   
Hey, what's up with them?   
   
(SE) Fierce-Looking Guy   
Who knows? What's a kid doin' here?   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - ......   
Sad - Maybe it's too dangerous. But supposedly, it's only open at night...   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Let's check it out.   
Just stay close.   
   
Ken Amada   
Surprised - Oh!   
Happy - Okay!   
   
Ken Amada   
Hmm, is it a bit further down?   
   
Fierce-Looking Guy   
Now there's little kids running around...? It's become so wholesome here.   
   
Gang-Looking Person   
Hey, it's past your bedtime, little boy!   
   
Heavily Made-Up Girl   
Mommy's waiting for you... Ahaha!   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - ......   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Ignore it.   
I'll shut them up.   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - Thank you, but I'm all right.   
Happy - If I let it bother me, then it'll never go away. I just want to finish what I came here for.   
   
Ken Amada   
Surprised - N-No, it's fine, Arisato-san!   
I'm totally okay. I don't want you to go out of your way for that.   
   
Ken Amada   
This looks like the place.   
The owner here is really particular about the taste of his drinks. They say he has ingredients you can't normally find.   
And for one of the cocktails he makes, he uses an extremely rare tea leaf.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Is that what you're looking for?   
You did your research.   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - Yes, I've seen Mitsuru-san drinking tea in the lounge.   
Happy - So when I was thinking of a gift that would make her happy, this is what came to mind.   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - I borrowed a computer from Fuuka-san and gathered some information.   
Happy - Mitsuru-san seems to know her teas well, so I figured I shouldn't give her anything weird.   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - I hope the bar owner is willing to share some of it, though...   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - ...Well, he looked scary, but at least he agreed to sell it to us in the end.   
Happy - Boy, I'm glad that worked out. I can't wait to give this to Mitsuru-san!   
   
Ken Amada   
With everything that happened, I'm sure she's been having a hard time.   
Sad - It's sad and painful to be in a home, knowing that you'll never see a loved one there with you again...   
   
Ken Amada   
So, I'm hoping this makes things more pleasant for her, at least while she's at the dorm.   
Although, it is Mitsuru-san we're talking about, so I'm sure she'll be fine.   
Happy - I just thought it would be nice if she was able to think about things over a delicious cup of tea.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
You're really kind.   
I'm sure she'll like it.   
You've grown strong.   
   
Ken Amada   
Surprised - Oh, no! It's just, she's always looking after me, so I thought I'd show my appreciation.   
Happy - When I think about what it was like for me, I feel like this is the least I can do.   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - Thanks, I feel a lot better hearing you say that.   
Happy - I thought about it a lot, and this is the best I could come up with.   
   
Ken Amada   
Surprised - You really mean that?   
Sad - I was just... thinking about when the same thing happened to me.   
   
Ken Amada   
Well, we should head back before it gets too late.   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - ......   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
What's wrong?   
Something happen?   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - ...Nah, it's nothing.   
   
---   
   
Ken Amada   
Thanks for joining me today, Arisato-san.   
And, sorry for making you worry about all that stuff.   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - We haven't really talked properly since what happened to Aragaki-san...   
   
Ken Amada   
I keep thinking about the last thing he said to me.   
I have to live for myself... But, how exactly do I do that?   
   
Ken Amada   
I wasn't sure where to start, but I've been trying all kinds of things.   
Sad - Things that the old me would've never considered.   
Like hanging out with my friends at school, reading manga, and even watching TV.   
   
Ken Amada   
I'm also trying to make an effort to talk to people in the dorm more.   
Mitsuru-san helped me with my homework the other day, and I even beat Junpei-san in a video game!   
Oh, I also ate snacks with Yukari-san and the others, and Aigis-san helped me feed Hamburger.   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - I realized that little things like this can really make life enjoyable.   
Happy - Well, that's what I've learned so far.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
That's more than enough.   
Keep it up.   
Invite me next time.   
   
Ken Amada   
Right. I might try some more things later on too, but...   
Happy - For now at least, I think I have an idea of how to live my life again.   
   
Ken Amada   
I will. I've done enough thinking. Now I just want to try doing all kinds of new things.   
Happy - I think I have an idea of how to live my life again.   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - Of course! Let's go get ramen together again one of these days.   
Happy - It was so delicious the last time we had it.   
   
Ken Amada   
You know, I've noticed other people in the dorm talk about you a lot, Arisato-san.   
Happy - Everyone seems to be really happy when they do, too.   
The hard battles continue, but we're still able to keep going...   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - ...And it's because we all know when we come back, you'll always be there for us.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
That's an exaggeration.   
That'd be nice if it were true.   
Is that how you feel?   
   
Ken Amada   
You think so...? Well, that's how I feel at least.   
You're always leading the way and giving everyone courage.   
   
Ken Amada   
I'm sure it is. It's not just that you're the leader during our battles...   
I feel like you're always looking after us and making sure we're okay, too.   
   
Ken Amada   
Yeah. I can't explain it very well, but...   
I feel like you can see the real me.   
   
Ken Amada   
I want to be more like you, Arisato-san.   
I want to continue learning from your example. That's okay, right?   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - Anyways, sorry that all took so long. The night air is getting chilly.   
Happy - Shall we go back home?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I listened to what Amada had been   
up to as we went back to the dorm...   
I feel like my  has   
improved after witnessing Amada's   
thoughtfulness towards Mitsuru...   
   
