Elderly Man   
Happy - Welcome to Bookworms.   
Happy - How many guests? Smoking or non-smoking?   
   
Elderly Man   
Hm? That leaf that's in your hand...   
   
Elderly Man - MND_001_0_0   
   
Elderly Man   
Surprised - Oh! Do you mean to tell me this a leaf from that persimmon tree?   
Happy - It must have grown quite a bit to produce such splendid leaves...   
...Wait, so you aren't here to buy books? Did you come visit just to show this to us?   
   
Elderly Man   
   
Elderly Man - MND_005_0_0   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
That's right.   
Not exactly.   
   
Elderly Man   
Happy - I knew it!   
Happy - I knew right from the start that you were a kind young man!   
   
Elderly Man   
Eh? You're pulling my leg.   
Happy - I've known from the start that you were a kind young man!   
   
Elderly Man   
Happy - I've been meaning to go see that tree for a while now, but I'm not sure if these stumpy old legs will make it that far...   
Happy - ...That wasn't meant to be a pun. You know, "stumpy," "tree stump"... Get it? Ahaha.   
   
Elderly Woman   
Happy - Yes, yes... You're very clever, dear.   
   
Elderly Man   
Happy - Let me introduce my wife, Mitsuko. I'm Bunkichi.   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - If you don't mind, would you tell us your name?   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - Hmm, Minato Arisato...   
Happy - Minato-chan... A good name, as good as mine.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
They seem to have taken a liking to me   
after talking about the persimmon tree.   
I've become acquainted with Bunkichi-san   
and Mitsuko-san, the elderly couple.   
   
Mitsuko   
We're open every day except **Monday**.   
Happy - Come visit us whenever you're free.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I parted with the elderly couple   
and went back to the dorm.   
   
