Bunkichi   
Sad - That's strange... I swear I left it around here...   
Sad - I don't see it anywhere...   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Looking for something?   
Cleaning the store?   
   
Bunkichi   
Oh! Minato-chan...   
How'd you know I was looking for something? Are you psychic?   
   
Bunkichi   
Sad - I'm looking for my glasses— Er, not my glasses, my wallet! I can't seem to find it...   
   
Bunkichi   
Surprised - Nooo! Stay right there, don't go walking around!   
Surprised - My contact lens...   
Oh wait, that was what happened last year.   
   
Bunkichi   
It's not my contact lens I'm looking for, it's my wallet. My wallet! Now, where did I put it?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Best of luck.   
Can I help?   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - You don't have to be so polite, Minato-chan. We're friends! We're all in this together.   
Reminds me of my days in the military academy...   
Happy - All right, Sergeant Minato! You take the right wing! Leave no stone unturned and find that wallet!   
   
Bunkichi   
Surprised - Wow! Honestly, I do wonder if you can read minds!   
I was just thinking how nice it would be if someone lent us a hand over here.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
The three of us searched high   
and low for the missing wallet.   
   
Bunkichi   
Sad - We've searched everywhere, but...   
Wait... What were we looking for again?   
   
Someone's Voice   
Bonjour!   
   
Mysterious Foreigner   
I found something important on the ground outside! Does this belong to you?   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - Oh, yes, that's it! I've been looking for this wallet everywhere!   
Happy - It may not be full of silver or gold, but this here is an even bigger treasure to me!   
   
Mysterious Foreigner   
Ah! Excuse me...   
Are you not the transfer student everyone is talking about?   
I am one as well! I am a student at Gekkoukan!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Nice to meet you.   
...Who are you?   
   
Mysterious Foreigner   
Happy - I am here from France as an exchange student. My name is André Laurent Jean Geraux.   
Happy - But you can call me "Bebe"! It's quite nice to meet you!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Nice to meet you.   
......   
   
Bebe   
Happy - I am delighted to, erm, make your acquaintance! Yoroshiku!   
   
Bebe   
I train in the **home economics room** every day. If you get bored, come join me!   
Well then, au revoir and sayonara!   
   
Mitsuko   
My, my... What a classy young man.   
   
Bunkichi   
Hmm... I know I kept it in my wallet... I didn't want to forget about it at any cost...   
Ah, there it is! I knew I put it in here! Good going, me!   
   
Mitsuko   
Surprised - Dear? That key... Is it...?   
   
Bunkichi   
Come on, dear, you know what it is. It's the key to our son's car.   
Happy - Such a nice boy coming to visit us has a way of making me feel young again.   
Happy - Been a while since I felt like putting the pedal to the metal. What age do I look, dear?   
   
Mitsuko   
Sad - Please don't!   
Sad - Why must you get into a car...? Do you want me to end up all alone!?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
What's this about a car?   
All alone?   
   
Mitsuko   
Oh, um, Minato-chan...   
I'm sorry for raising my voice. Did I scare you?   
   
Bunkichi   
Sad - Our son... Remember what I told you? How he passed away...   
Sad - On his way home from work, he got into an accident... He was hit by a dump truck driver who was drunk on the job...   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
I'm sorry to hear that.   
That's terrible luck.   
   
Bunkichi   
Sad - Oh... Please punch me, Minato-chan... Just punch me for being so insensitive...   
Sad - With all my excitement, I forgot to consider how my wife might feel. I'm such a... Such a...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Bunkichi-san shared the truth   
about their son's death.   
I feel like we're growing closer...   
   
Bunkichi   
...Hm? Why are we all just mopin' around here?   
Since my wallet's been located, why don't we go out and have a nice dinner, dear?   
Happy - And this is for you. Consider it your reward for helping us look around.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Bunkichi-san stuffed a bottle   
of medicine into my pocket.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I parted with the elderly couple   
and went back to the dorm.   
   
