Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The TV has been left on.
It's showing the news right now...

Newscaster
Coming up next...
A special report on the Amazing Commodities Corporation, producer of Tanaka's Amazing Commodities.

Newscaster
President Tanaka has made an undisclosed private expenditure that caused quite a stir in the media.
With us is our reporter live on scene. Take it away.

Field Reporter
I'm reporting from the Amazing Commodities head office, where a swarm of journalists has convened.
Word has it that President Tanaka will be coming out shortly to make a statement.
The tension in the air is thick.

Newscaster
Thank you. We'll be looking forward to updates as things unfold. Back to the studio.
The unaccounted-for expenditure has sparked a massive investigation. Some theorize he is guilty of tax evasion...

Commentator
Oh, no question! This is President Tanaka we're talking about!
All he cares about is lining his own pockets. And he does it by swindling his own viewers!

Commentator
He could become the richest man on the planet and still never be satisfied!
Why doesn't he donate some of that money for a change!? Damn scrooge...

Newscaster
W-Well, I'm sure he's not as bad as all that... Oh, this just in—something's happened at the scene.

Field Reporter
President Tanaka has emerged!
Wha— He's carrying a microphone! It... It looks like he's about to sing!

President Tanaka
Happy - Ready to go, in your TV, Tanaka's Commodities!
Happy - Everybody's ultimate friend in greed!

President Tanaka
Happy - Hiii, everyone! Amazing Commodities is here for you year-round, rain or shine!
Happy - We have a monopoly on the cheapest, highest quality goods! Our customers shout for joy so loud it's considered noise pollution!
Happy - Our stocks rise so high they're a hazard to birds, and we make losers every day out of people who don't buy!

President Tanaka
Happy - We're the only miracle left in this sad, desolate world! That's the Amazing Commodities guarantee!
Happy - We look forward to your business!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
President Tanaka's car drove off...

Field Reporter
Oh... H-He's gone!

Commentator
What the hell are you doing!? You call yourself a reporter!?
If you can't get one lousy comment out of him, you're just givin' him free advertising!

Newscaster
We'll have to interrupt you there, as we've just received a fax.
It... It's from President Tanaka! The message reads...

Fax from President Tanaka
"Hiii! This is Tanaka, the best friend your pocketbook ever had!"
"And what's in my pocketbook is my own business."
"It's not my company's money, so what's it to them how I use it?"

Fax from President Tanaka
"But let me make one thing clear: I am not ashamed of a single thing!"
"My conscience is clear, dear viewers—so buy my products, guilt-free!"

Fax from President Tanaka
"Amazing Commodities, here for you year-round, rain or shine! Buy now or you'll miss your chance. You'll see!"
"Buh-bye!"

Newscaster
...Apparently, he had no intention of revealing his use for the funds.

Commentator
Does he have no shame!? This Tanaka guy...
Just because he's made some money for himself doesn't mean that we're his little playthings!

Commentator
On behalf of the people, I have something to say and I am not afraid to say it!
Fat pigs like him who gorge themselves on the excesses of capitalism should be—


Newscaster
Yes, thank you very much. This concludes our special report.
With no clues as to the utilization of said funds, we can only hope that they went to humanitarian purposes.

Newscaster
Next up, your daily glimpse into the stock market.
...This just in, we have reports that Amazing Commodities' stocks have suddenly skyrocketed.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The report continues...

