Aigis   
Happy - I like this place. I can see the entire town from here.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - The Moonlight Bridge is to the right, and over there is Paulownia Mall.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Oh, and did you know you can also see our dorm from here?   
Back in Yakushima, where I'd been sleeping, the ocean waters were much clearer than they are here...   
Happy - But, I prefer the view here.   
   
Aigis   
......   
Before I came here, I didn't even think about whether I liked the scenery or not...   
   
Aigis   
What about you, Minato-san? Do you... like it here?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
I like it here.   
Not really.   
I don't care.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - I'm so glad to hear that!   
......   
Feeling the same way, watching the same scenery...   
   
Aigis   
Happy - ...It's nice.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Oh, I see...   
   
Aigis   
It's true that many painful things have happened here...   
Sad - ......   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Oh, I see...   
   
Aigis   
I began to feel "emotions" towards various things that I hadn't felt before...   
Sad - It's a little scary sometimes.   
Sad - ......   
   
Aigis   
But, if I can change by being with you...   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Then, I want to cherish these feelings.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Aigis revealed her resolve to me...   
It seems we've grown closer...   
   
Aigis   
Oh, I'm sorry to have gone on for so long...   
It's still January, so the winds can get quite chilly up here.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - It would be awful if you caught a cold.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
We decided to go back to the dorm.   
   
