Monk   
So, where's my drink?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I told him that I've ordered his drink...   
That must have impressed the monk. He   
seems to have taken an interest in me...   
   
Monk   
You look awfully young, kid. You still in high school?   
   
Monk   
What're the employees here thinkin', letting someone like you in...?   
   
Monk   
Well, since ya got me a drink, I'll pretend I'm your guardian so ya don't get thrown outta here. Take a seat.   
Angry - ...Well? C'mon, kid, sit down. Havin' to look up at ya is strainin' my neck.   
   
Monk   
Happy - So, you wanted to see where adults spend their time, eh? Not that I can't relate.   
Well, don't worry, in two or three more years you'll be old enough to hang out here unsupervised.   
Just take it easy, kid. You'll be legal before ya know it. No need to rush.   
   
Monk   
Tryin' to act like an adult just makes ya look more like a kid, y'know.   
Heh... I guess that sounds funny comin' out of an alcohol-drinkin', cigar-smokin' monk, eh?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Is alcohol good?   
What's a cigar taste like?   
   
Monk   
Some people like it... So I guess it is? Probably. I have no idea.   
I just drink to get drunk. When you get drunk, it makes you feel good.   
   
Monk   
What does it taste like...? Like leaves. I can't think of any other way to describe it.   
It ain't supposed to taste good. I just smoke 'cause it helps me think straight.   
   
Monk   
Young people always think the grass is greener on the other side...   
Well, don't get your hopes up too high, kid. That way you won't be disappointed when things don't work out.   
'Cause there might come a time when you'll hafta drink when you don't want to, and smoke just to get through the day...   
   
Monk   
You're nothin' like those punks I see runnin' around town these days. Can't say the same for my son, though...   
...Always bein' taken in by the police for questioning... It's disgraceful.   
   
Monk   
Happy - ...I'm gonna remember your face, kid. Next time you come in here, I'm gonna have you thrown out. Got it?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
...I became acquainted with a strange monk.   
   
Monk   
Well, when you've had your fill, hit the road... And don't come back.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I decided to go back to the dorm.   
   
