Monk   
Hey, I remember you...   
I thought I told you not to come back here... Hmph, damn kids...   
Well, I don't care as long as you don't get on my nerves. Have a seat.   
   
Monk   
What'cha doin' here today, kid?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
I came to see you, old man.   
None of your business.   
   
Monk   
Angry - ...Quit jokin' around, kid. Heh, that's a good one.   
   
Monk   
Happy - Ha, you're absolutely right! It ain't any of my business!   
   
Monk   
Angry - But watch your mouth, kid. I am your elder after all...   
Angry - If you were my son, I'd give you a swift kick in the ass.   
You don't have to revere me, but at least show some proper respect.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
How should I address you?   
Show respect?   
   
Monk   
Mutatsu... That's my Buddhist name, not my real one, of course.   
   
Monk   
Angry - Hmph, you're not too bright are ya, kid? This is just one of those things you gotta learn on your own.   
   
Monk   
If you're gonna address me, call me by my Buddhist name, Mutatsu.   
   
Mutatsu   
But that's Mutatsu-san to you.   
The world's not a forgiving place, kid. You gotta show other people respect.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I was lectured by Mutatsu...   
I can sense the kindness   
behind his harsh words.   
I feel like I understand   
Mutatsu a little better now...   
   
SYS_011_0_0   
DEV: Unused label.   
   
Mutatsu   
Well, I don't really care what happens to somebody else's kid, but...   
...Go home already, will ya? And this time, don't come back again.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I said goodbye to Mutatsu   
and went back to the dorm.   
   
