Mutatsu   
I was just thinkin' you might show up... and here you are.   
Angry - Hey, don't get the wrong idea, kid. It's not like I was lookin' forward to seein' ya or anything.   
   
Mutatsu   
Angry - Anyway, what's the deal with your hair, kid?   
Doesn't it get in your eyes? Is that the style nowadays...? My son kept his hair long, too.   
   
Mutatsu   
Happy - You should cut it. No, better yet, shave it all off... Give the bald look a try.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Yeah, that might look cool.   
Yeah, I dunno...   
   
Mutatsu   
Happy - You got a good attitude, kid. You do get what I'm sayin', don't ya?   
   
Mutatsu   
Happy - I'm not talkin' about fashion here, y'know. I'm sayin' you'd be better off without your hair.   
   
Mutatsu   
Angry - The hell is that supposed to mean? Is that a yes or a no?   
   
Mutatsu   
Angry - What, you're not givin' me a clear answer 'cause I'm bald?   
   
Mutatsu   
Oh, sure, you're young and good-lookin' now, but just you wait...   
I mean, look at me. I'm old and ugly... My cheeks sag like a damn bulldog's.   
   
Mutatsu   
That's life, kid. People get old. Someday you'll be just like me.   
One day in the future, you'll see your mug in the mirror and think...   
"Damn, I was handsome back in the day..."   
   
Mutatsu   
Here's a little trick so you don't lose hope in the future.   
...Just don't expect nothin'. Simple, eh? And that way you won't ever be disappointed.   
You're gonna lose your hair eventually, kid, so why bother with it now?   
   
Mutatsu   
Happy - Bald is beautiful. You just wake up in the mornin' and go. No fuss.   
Happy - You'll need a hat for the winter, but I say go for it. I'll spot you money for a shave, and some clippers if you're short.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I saw through Mutatsu's harsh   
words and felt his kindness.   
I feel like I understand   
Mutatsu a little better now...   
   
Mutatsu   
Angry - What, is all my talkin' putting you to sleep?   
Angry - Well, ya can't sleep here, kid. Go home and rest in your own bed.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I said goodbye to Mutatsu   
and went back to the dorm.   
   
