Gourmet Magazine Reporter - MSG_000_0_0
I heard he had a hand in the hidden menu at Hagakure as well.

Wakatsu Employee - MSG_001_0_0
Oh yes, I've heard the same story. They say he tried a bite of some dish.
Then he said, "It could use some fish flakes." So they put some in, and sure enough, it was delicious.
Now it's an item on our hidden menu. I'm a big fan of it, myself.
I had him come up with some ideas for Wakatsu, too.

Café Employee - MSG_002_0_0
Yes, he's the one. Suemitsu-kun put our coffee on the map, too.
Sure, his appearance and behavior are—how should I say this—eccentric...
But he knows everything about food, and his palate is refined. He's in a league of his own among gourmands.
There's not a restaurateur around here who doesn't know him.

Gourmet Magazine Reporter - MSG_003_0_0
Is he that famous...?
So when you heard he was planning to leave to tour the country...

Café Employee - MSG_004_0_0
I was shocked and disappointed, of course.
But I'm glad to hear he's doing well for himself.
I hear he's got a book coming out. It's very exciting.
Even when he's far away, I can still feel him... Aah! Wait, don't run that!

Gourmet Magazine Reporter - MSG_005_0_0
Are the rumors about a "King Suemitsu" statue being built in this shopping district true?

Café Employee - MSG_006_0_0
Hehe. Oh yes, I can't wait. I'll be rubbing it every day for good luck.

Gourmet Magazine Reporter - MSG_007_0_0
Oh, are you a student from the area? Do you mind if we get a few words from you?
Are you familiar with the high school student known as the "Gourmet King"?

Minato Arisato - Selection
We went to the same school.
He's my best friend.
I don't know him.

Gourmet Magazine Reporter - MSG_009_0_0
Oh, your uniform! So he went to Gekkoukan High, then?

Gourmet Magazine Reporter - MSG_010_0_0
Huh? But I'd heard he wasn't interested in anything except food...
Unless you mean you know him in the same way everyone else around here knows him.

Gourmet Magazine Reporter - MSG_011_0_0
Ah, I see... Maybe he isn't as well-known among the younger crowd?

Gourmet Magazine Reporter - MSG_012_0_0
Thanks for your time. I'd love a chance to meet him myself one day!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The interview continues...

