Bunkichi
Happy - Oh, you came back! Welcome, um...
What was your name again?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Minato Arisato.
......

Bunkichi
Happy - No need to tell me! I was just joking. I'm not that senile.
Happy - My wife and I were just talking about you, Minato-chan.

Bunkichi
Wait, I was just kidding! Are you mad? I wouldn't forget you that easily, Minato-chan.
Happy - Really, I was just pretending... Although, sometimes I do forget for real.

Bunkichi
Happy - Tell me, do you like this kind of treat?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
DEV: *Unused message label. 
*If this appears, it is a bug.

Bunkichi
Happy - Someone gave it to me, but I have more than enough. Go ahead and take it, Minato-chan.

Minato Arisato - Selection
Thank you.
I'm okay, thanks.

Bunkichi
Happy - Ah, don't worry about it. You don't have to thank me for something as small as this.
You're so polite, Minato-chan. You're like his complete opposite...

Bunkichi
Happy - Ah, youngsters like you don't have to be so considerate. Please, don't hesitate to take it.
Besides, it's just the two of us left out here now...

Bunkichi
Happy - Would you like another to give to a friend?
We have so many, my wife and I would take forever to finish them all.

Minato Arisato - Selection
I'd like that.
No, thank you.

Bunkichi
Right then, here ya go, um... Er... Hmm...
For real this time, what was your name again...?

Mitsuko
Goodness, dear... It's Minato-chan, remember?
Happy - My apologies, Minato-chan. He's been terribly forgetful lately.

Mitsuko
Happy - Here you are.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
DEV: *Unused message label. 
*If this appears, it is a bug.

Bunkichi
You should listen to your elders!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Bunkichi-san stuffed some
packs of bread into my pocket.

Bunkichi
Say, where did that boy run off to, dear?
Sad - He should be here helping customers... Sorry about that, Minato-chan.

Minato Arisato - Selection
Boy?
No need to apologize.

Bunkichi
Our spoiled son. He hasn't been back in a while.

Bunkichi
Honestly... Where in the world did he go? Right, dear?

Bunkichi
I'm sure you could use another youngster like yourself around, instead of talking to an old man like me.

Bunkichi
I'm sure our son'll be back soon enough. Right, dear?

Mitsuko
Sad - Oh, my dear, he's...

Minato Arisato - Selection
He's what?
What's this about?

Bunkichi
Sad - Oh... That's right. Our son has already passed away...
Sad - I'm sorry, Minato-chan. I apologize on behalf of my son for not being here to greet you...

Bunkichi
Sad - Our son... left this world before we did...
I'm sorry, Minato-chan.
Sad - You came all the way out here, only to see this pitiful sight...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The elderly couple opened
up about their painful past.
I feel like we're growing closer...

SYS_028_0_0
DEV: Unused label.

Bunkichi
Happy - Hey now, the two of you look like you've just seen a ghost.
It's dark outside. We don't need it to be dark in here too.

Bunkichi
Happy - Come visit us again, will ya? We'll be waiting, Minato-chan.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I parted with the elderly couple
and went back to the dorm.

