Bunkichi
Happy - Oh! You have bad timing, Minato-chan.
My wife just headed out to Gekkoukan.

Minato Arisato - Selection
I should go too.
I'll wait here.

Bunkichi
Happy - Well, she won't be gone long. In the meantime, why don't you keep me company?

Bunkichi
Happy - Are you thirsty? Here, I've got something we can share.

Bunkichi
...Wait, where are the cups? I don't know how to find a thing around here without my wife.

Bunkichi
Oh, dear! You got back just in—


Mitsuko
Surprised - The... The... The tree...

Minato Arisato - Selection
What happened?
Tree?

Bunkichi
Surprised - What's gotten into you, dear...?
Take a deep breath. You oughta know better than to walk so far at your age...

Bunkichi
Here, drink this.

Bunkichi
And here's some for you too, Minato-chan.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
DEV: *Unused message label. 
*If this appears, it is a bug.

Bunkichi
Tree, tree... Trunk? Oh, I guess we're not playing any word games...
If you keep running like that, you're going to keel over.

Bunkichi
Here, drink this.

Bunkichi
And here's some for you too, Minato-chan.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
DEV: *Unused message label. 
*If this appears, it is a bug.

Bunkichi
Sad - Judging by her reaction, it seems the rumors might be true...
The persimmon tree we told you about... You know, the one by the walkway at your school.

Bunkichi
My wife heard a rumor that it was going to be cut down, and she almost fainted.
Do you know anything about this, Minato-chan?

Minato Arisato - Selection
No, I don't.
I'm worried.

Bunkichi
Maybe it's just a rumor after all, then... There's a chance there's no truth to it.
Sad - If all this worrying turns out to have been for nothing... Well, that would be quite a "re-leaf"!

Bunkichi
Happy - You're so sweet, Minato-chan...
I'm worried too. I tried to look into these allegations, but...
I think I was "barking up the wrong tree"...

Mitsuko
If it's not too much trouble, Minato-chan, could you tell us if you hear any more about it?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Mitsuko-san seems to be counting on me.
I feel like we're growing closer...

Mitsuko
Sad - I know I made it sound like something very important, but...
Only if it's convenient for you. Tell us if you hear anything about the persimmon tree, all right?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I parted with the elderly couple
and went back to the dorm.

