Bunkichi
Oh, Minato-chan. We were just talking about you.
We've been feeling a bit guilty for troubling you about the persimmon tree...

Minato Arisato - Selection
I wouldn't worry about it.
What tree?

Bunkichi
Happy - Ohh, good one! "I 'wooden' worry about it"? Glad you can joke around even at a time like this.
Happy - Makes me feel like we're not so different, you and I. Lord knows I can't pass up a good pun.

Bunkichi
Did you forget? The persimmon tree. It serves as an important connection between us, you know...
Sad - You must have a lot on your mind, don't you? It's not because you don't care about us... Right?

Bunkichi
Sad - That persimmon tree is... is a reminder of our son.
Actually... before his death, he was a teacher at Gekkoukan...
He planted that tree on graduation day with the students of his very first class.

Mitsuko
Sad - Just when we thought that tree was about to bear fruit...
Sad - Why now? Why do they want to cut it down now...?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Cheer up.
It'll be okay.

Mitsuko
Happy - Thank you, Minato-chan.
Happy - I'm all right now. That made me feel a lot better. It's very comforting talking to you.

Bunkichi
Happy - Oh, wow! You've really gone and captured my wife's heart!
Happy - You must be popular with the ladies! My wife's no sucker, after all!
Happy - I feel I'm looking at myself when I was in my prime!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The elderly couple seems
to have grown fond of me...
I feel like we're growing closer...

Bunkichi
Happy - Don't fret too much about the tree. Just stop by when you have the chance.

Bunkichi
Oh, and take this. It's left over from earlier, but it's still good...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Bunkichi-san stuffed a leftover
bread into my pocket.

Bunkichi
Happy - Well then, you take care of yourself.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I parted with the elderly couple
and went back to the dorm.

