Bunkichi
Sad - ......

Mitsuko
Sad - ......

Bunkichi
Happy - ...Oh, look, dear! Minato-chan's here.
Try and perk up for the boy, all right?

Mitsuko
Sad - I understand their reasoning...

Mitsuko
Sad - But if... if they really go through with this...
Sad - If we lose that tree... it would be like losing our son all over again...

Minato Arisato - Selection
You're overthinking it.
Please don't fight.

Mitsuko
Sad - You'll understand once you're a parent, Minato-chan. We can't help thinking of our children.
Sad - For me, that tree is my son. My son who passed away... That's what remains of him...

Mitsuko
We're fine. We're not fighting. I was just fussing...
Happy - Sorry, Minato-chan. For making you worry.

Bunkichi
Apparently, the rumor about cutting down the persimmon tree was true.
So, we went to the school together to say our goodbyes.
Unfortunately, that just reminded my dear of the pain we felt the day our son died...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Cheer up.
I'm sure it'll be okay.

Bunkichi
See, dear? That's exactly what I said!
Happy - If you keep crying all the time, then what'll your admirers think?

Bunkichi
Happy - Right, Minato-chan?

Mitsuko
Happy - Oh my... Don't make fun of this wrinkled old lady.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I can sense the elderly
couple's appreciation.
I feel like we're growing closer...

Bunkichi
Happy - Stop by again anytime, all right?
Happy - My wife would always be happy to see such a handsome young man.

Bunkichi
Happy - Here, take this for when you get hungry.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Bunkichi-san stuffed a delicious-looking
bread into my pocket.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I parted with the elderly couple
and went back to the dorm.

