Bunkichi   
Surprised - Oh, Minato-chan! Welcome!   
   
Mitsuko   
Happy tears* - Ah...   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
What happened?   
Are you fighting again?   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - Ah, don't you worry. She's— She's crying because she's happy.   
Happy - She's an emotional woman, bless her heart. She's been like this since the day we met.   
   
Bunkichi   
Huh? You don't think I'm the one who made her cry, do you?   
   
Bunkichi   
Maybe she's fed up with me because I always leave my socks inside out...   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - Wait, no, no, that's not it! She's crying tears of happiness!   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - You see, all the graduates from my son's class have come together.   
Happy - They're collecting signatures to save the persimmon tree!   
   
Mitsuko   
Happy - They say the tree is a memorial to their former teacher... They don't want it to be cut down.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
The tree? A memorial?   
That's great.   
   
Bunkichi   
Sad - Hm... Guess it's over your head, being a transfer student and all...   
   
Bunkichi   
Those three short years of high school made memories so precious they still cherish them decades later.   
   
Bunkichi   
It was the same for our son's funeral... Many of them showed up for it.   
Happy - It's been so many years since then, but they still remember him...   
   
Mitsuko   
Happy tears* - They've given their precious time... for our son. I don't know what to say... I'm so grateful...   
   
Bunkichi   
You must be the one who called on them for this, right, Minato-chan?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
No.   
That's right.   
What are you talking about?   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - Oh, don't pretend, it's just us. You don't have to be so modest, Minato-chan...   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - I knew it! I knew it from the very beginning!   
Happy - From the first time I saw you, I knew you were different from the other kids around here.   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - You're a samurai, Minato-chan! A modern-day samurai...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
The two seem to think I'm the   
one responsible for the petition...   
They're showing considerable gratitude.   
I feel like we're growing closer...   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - And before you know it, you'll graduate and step boldly into adulthood. Don't forget about us, y'hear?   
Happy - Someday, I'd love to grab a drink, you and me...   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - But for now, you'll have to make do with this.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
DEV: *Unused message label.    
*If this appears, it is a bug.   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - See you again soon, Minato-chan.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I parted with the elderly couple   
and went back to the dorm.   
   
