Bunkichi
Happy - You're finally here, Minato-chan! We've been waiting for you.
Happy - I wanted to tell you the good news as soon as possible. It's about a customer who came by earlier...
Happy - Who do you think it was? Here's a hint: "signature."

Minato Arisato - Selection
A petitioner?
A fan of yours?

Bunkichi
Happy - Wow! I'm impressed! I thought that hint might have been too vague...
Happy - But yes, it was one of the organizers of the campaign to save the persimmon tree.

Bunkichi
Happy - That's right! How'd you guess!? One of my fans came by. He said he'd bring the rest of the fan club next time!

Bunkichi
Happy - Yeah, I wish! Actually, it was one of the organizers of the campaign to save the persimmon tree.

Bunkichi
Happy - He said, "Let's protect the tree together!"
Happy - He's already gathered a number of signatures from students who were in our son's class!

Minato Arisato - Selection
That's great.
That's amazing.

Mitsuko
Happy - Everyone's banding together to honor the memory of our son...
Happy - He really was loved by many.

Bunkichi
Happy - Of course! He was our proud son!

Mitsuko
Happy - I'm sure he's just as happy as we are...

Bunkichi
Happy - All right! Minato-chan, let's go to Gekkoukan right now!
Happy - I have to tell my son the good news!

Minato Arisato - Selection
Sure, let's go.
Right now?

Bunkichi
Happy - That's my boy! Music to my ears!

Bunkichi
Happy - I've never been so excited to go for a walk before!

Bunkichi
Don't flake on me now! You're the one who made this happen, right? You must take part in the ceremony!

Bunkichi
Happy - I've never been so excited to go for a walk before!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The elderly couple is showing
their affection for me.
I feel like we're growing closer...

Bunkichi
Happy - Let's race to the persimmon tree! I won't lose—not even to a youngster like you!

Bunkichi
Happy - All right, dear, we'll be back. Thanks for watching the store!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The school was closed, but we climbed
over the gate and visited the tree...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I visited the tree with Bunkichi-san
and then returned to the dorm.

