Mitsuko   
Oh my, dear, there's a mistake there.   
That's not how you write Gekkoukan...   
   
Bunkichi   
I know, I know!   
I hardly ever write it, so I just forgot how it looked for a second.   
   
Mitsuko   
Sad - I feel a little bad for all the people who've been campaigning to save the tree...   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - ...Oh, Minato-chan! Speak of the devil!   
Happy - I'm writing a letter—something I haven't done in ages. I'm used to the keyboard doing all the work for me!   
   
Bunkichi   
What, is that surprising? I'm actually quite the net surfer, you know!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
What does the letter say?   
Why a letter?   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - Nooo, no, don't look! I'm shy! Hehehehe!   
   
Mitsuko   
Happy - We'll tell you when the time is right, Minato-chan.   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - Are you curious about the letter? Excited, perhaps? Even exhilarated?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Excited.   
Exhilarated.   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - We are too.   
Happy - Your enthusiasm is contagious, you know. Just talking with you is enough to make our hearts race.   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - Just look at my wife. She's as giddy as a schoolgirl.   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - We are too.   
Happy - We spend every day looking forward to the chance of seeing you again.   
   
Bunkichi   
Happy - Sometimes, you even make me feel smarter! Maybe I should just go back to school... Ah, just kiddin'.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
The two seem to trust me deeply.   
I feel like we're growing closer...   
   
Bunkichi   
That said... I hope we can wrap up the matter before your next visit.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I parted with the elderly couple   
and went back to the dorm.   
   
