Bunkichi
Determined - ......
Determined - ...Please, just wait a little while longer...
Determined - ...Even if the tree is gone... you'll still live on... inside us...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Bunkichi-san is sleep talking.
Looks like he's taking a nap...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Take a closer look
Leave him be

Bunkichi
Surprised - Oh! Minato-chan, you're here? You could've woken me up...
Happy - Or did you just want to admire my pretty face sleeping like a baby?

Bunkichi
Upsy-daisy...
Happy - We recently closed the book on a difficult matter, so I s'pose the relief has put me at ease.
It's the middle of the day, but I feel awfully sleepy...

Minato Arisato - Selection
What matter?
Why are you relieved?

Bunkichi
Sad - I'm deeply touched that you and so many others tried to help us, but...

Bunkichi
The truth is, we sent a letter to Gekkoukan.

Bunkichi
Sad - While we're all here, I think it's time we told you...

Bunkichi
The truth is, we sent a letter to Gekkoukan.

Bunkichi
We asked them to go ahead and cut the persimmon tree down.

Minato Arisato - Selection
But... why?
Oh well.

Bunkichi
Happy - Just the reaction I was hoping for, Minato-chan! It was more than worth it to surprise you like that!

Bunkichi
Happy - Sorry for doing this without running it by you.

Bunkichi
Yeesh, I thought you'd be more surprised than that... Well, I guess I needn't have worried.

Bunkichi
Sorry for doing this without running it by you.

Bunkichi
When we went to visit the tree together, I met a school faculty member on my way back.
He told me the administration is planning to put up a new school building where the tree currently is.

Bunkichi
It would be selfish of an old man like me to deprive those young people of new learning opportunities...
Helping children reach their potential is more important than clinging onto old memories. I think our son would agree.

Bunkichi
Happy - He was a teacher, after all!

Minato Arisato - Selection
That's true.
Are you really sure?

Mitsuko
Happy - Yes... We had a long talk about it, and this was the conclusion we came to.

Bunkichi
Happy - You really set an example for young people, being so considerate to old folks like us...
Happy - We pray, with our son in Heaven, that more kind souls like you will graduate from Gekkoukan.

Bunkichi
Here... We'd like you to have this.

Bunkichi
It's the first fruit produced by the persimmon tree. A little rough around the edges, just like our son...
Happy - My dear was the one who suggested we give it to you.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
This must be something very
meaningful to the both of them...
Their deep gratitude reached my heart...
...!?

SYS_018_0_0
The Hierophant Social Link reached its maximum level! You can now fuse **Kohryu**, the guardian of nature!

Bunkichi
Happy - Now, we have to cheer up and get on with our lives! We're too old to waste a single day!
Happy - If we kicked the bucket while wasting our days away... I'm sure he'd laugh at us from Heaven!

Mitsuko
Happy - It's hard on the parents to have such a well-respected son.
Happy - Oh, my... Does it sound like I'm boasting?

(SE) Bunkichi
\[Laughing heartily\]

(SE) Mitsuko
\[chuckling\]

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
The three of us chatted until sunset...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I parted with the elderly couple
and went back to the dorm.

