Bunkichi - MSG_000_0_0   
Happy - Well, well, look who it is! It's been a while, Minato-chan!   
Happy - You've grown so much since the last time I saw ya!   
   
Mitsuko - MSG_001_0_0   
Happy - Now, now, dear. They don't grow that fast.   
Happy - What must have happened is that we shrank! Isn't that right?   
   
Bunkichi - MSG_002_0_0   
Happy - Ohoho! Is that how it is? Looks like you got one over on me.   
...Say, Minato-chan.   
Y'know our old shop here, Bookworms? I'm thinkin' it's due for a makeover.   
Happy - Somethin' fresh, avant-garde... I can't let Gekkoukan's new school building hog the spotlight!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Good idea.   
It's fine the way it is.   
   
Bunkichi - MSG_004_0_0   
Happy - Ain't it? I'll hash out some plans with my dear and make this place even better!   
   
Bunkichi - MSG_005_0_0   
Oh, you think so?   
Happy - I s'pose that's just as well. I'm honored you like the place, young man.   
   
Mitsuko - MSG_006_0_0   
Happy - Speaking of the new school building... They've decided to replant the persimmon tree.   
Happy - It'll be moved to a special location on a hill overlooking the whole campus.   
Sad - Our dear boy will be able to watch over those students for many more years to come...   
Sad - ...I know the tree isn't actually our son. And yet... this makes me feel so happy...   
   
Bunkichi - MSG_007_0_0   
Ever since my dear heard the news, she's turned into a leaky faucet!   
Happy - C'mon, give me a smile! Googoo googoo gaga!   
   
Mitsuko - MSG_008_0_0   
Happy - Please, dear, I think your dentures are falling out.   
Anyhow... We'll be supporting the Gekkoukan students with renewed strength in our hearts.   
Looking at you again... You really did grow, didn't you, Minato-chan?   
You've overcome great hardships... I can tell.   
Happy - Come back and visit us anytime. We'd always love to see you.   
   
Bunkichi - MSG_009_0_0   
If we can get Minato-chan to spread the word at Gekkoukan, there'll be no end to our customers!   
Not a bad idea, eh, dear?   
   
Mitsuko - MSG_010_0_0   
Come now... Don't make him do our work for us.   
   
Bunkichi - MSG_011_0_0   
Happy - You don't have to put it like that! Besides, what are grandchildren for?   
   
Mitsuko - MSG_012_0_0   
Happy - Oh, you...   
   
