   
Bunkichi Kitamura   
   
   
Greetings   
   
   
Minato-chan, how do you do?   
Come swing by the store some time to say hello, okay?   
Best regards.   
   
-----   
   
Who is this?   
   
   
I have this number saved on my phone, but I can't seem to recall who you are.   
I bet I'll remember right away once I see your face, so drop by the store.   
   
-----   
   
this is mitsuko   
   
   
from the bookstore   
texting is hard are you   
getting this im waiting at   
the shop for   
you   
   
   
-----   
   
   
   
A  for Minato-chan!   
I tried to use emojis  Isn't that rad? Totally gnarly.   
I'll teach you how to use them, too, so come by the shop. *kitty*   
   
-----   
   
From Bunkichi   
   
   
I miss your cute little face, Minato-chan *sweatdrop*   
This old man doesn't have much longer to live, so come visit me soon, okay?   
   
-----   
   
This is Mitsuko   
   
   
I learned how to do   
capital letters Are you getting these Anyway   
come visit us at   
the shop   
   
-----   
   
Bunkichi <3 you   
   
   
How do you do, Minato-chan?   
When I send you a  like this, it reminds me of the time I used to write love letters to Mitsuko-chan. <3   
Come visit us when you have time. We'll always welcome you with open arms. :)   
   
-----   
   
This is Mitsuko :)   
   
   
Hello, Minato-chan.   
I'm getting better at sending messages. It's because I practiced with you.   
Bunkichi is feeling much better now. :) Thank you for everything.   
Come visit us soon. :)   
   
-----   
   
TO: Minato-chan   
   
   
You've helped us so much.   
There is something I would like to tell you, so please come to the shop at your earliest convenience.   
We await your arrival.   
   
-----   
   
Dear Minato-chan   
   
   
How have you been?   
Come swing by the shop to say hello, will you?   
   
-----   
   
Bookworms is open at the cr...   
   
   
You see, lately, my wife has been saying that she wants to see Minato-chan.   
   
-----   
   
An old man's request   
   
   
My dear Minato-chan,   
Won't you come visit us?   
From,   
Bunkichi   
   
===============================================================================================   
   
   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Looks like the elderly couple   
wants to see me...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Should I go to Bookworms?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Head to the bookstore   
Not now   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Let's head to Bookworms.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I feel as if we can grow closer thanks to the   
 Persona, ****...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I feel like I might grow closer   
to the elderly couple soon...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I don't think our bond will grow   
any stronger even if I spend   
more time with them...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I don't think our bond will grow   
any stronger even if I spend   
more time with them...   
   
