Aigis
Was that a cat's meow...?
Could it be—!?

Aigis
Are you... Mii-chan-san?

White Cat
Meow.

Aigis
Happy - It is Mii-chan-san! I'm so glad...!
Happy - Minato-san, let's go tell the old lady about this!

===============================================================================================

Mii-chan's Owner
Awww, there, there... You seem a little skinnier than you used to be.
This little one is all I have left to keep me company...

Mii-chan's Owner
I was so lonely when Mii-chan was missing... I don't know how I can thank the both of you.

Aigis
Sad - Lonely...
Is being by oneself... lonely?

Mii-chan's Owner
Oh yes, dear.
When you get to be my age, you'll find that all the wealth in the world won't take care of you.
No one can truly live alone.
Some of my neighbors have delightful children, but... they aren't interested in old ladies like me.

Aigis
Sad - Miss...

Mii-chan's Owner
Well, Mii-chan, shall we go home?

Mii-chan's Owner
Thank you so much, you two.

Aigis
It seems that living is something that can't be done alone.

Minato Arisato - Selection
You might be right.
That's not true.
I don't know.

Aigis
Yes.
It's important to keep someone in your thoughts, and to know that you are in theirs.

Aigis
Sad - To be able to contact them anytime...
Sad - And... to touch them...
Sad - ......

Aigis
Sad - It isn't?
But I learned everything I know about living from you, Minato-san...

Aigis
Sad - It's a very difficult matter.

Aigis
To live means to spend time around people...

Aigis
To keep someone in your thoughts, and know that you are in theirs... To be able to contact them anytime...

Aigis
Sad - And... to touch them...
Sad - ......

Aigis
But, I do understand one thing.

Aigis
Happy - It seems I feel happy when I'm together with you, Minato-san.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Aigis is smiling shyly...
It seems we've grown closer...

Aigis
But, I have to wonder...
If living means to be able to connect with other people...

Aigis
Sad - How close to that goal can I come with a body like mine?
Sad - ......

Aigis
...Just kidding.
Happy - I've been exceedingly negative lately. I wonder what's wrong with me...
Happy - We should start heading back.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
We decided to go back to the dorm.

