Aigis
Ah...
That old lady... She's Mii-chan-san's owner.

Smirking Student
Hey, Granny, I got a date tomorrow.
But, uh, I don't have any money or anything, you know?

Mii-chan's Owner
Oh my, is that so? Oh, you poor thing.
You've always been such a good boy, Kiyoshi... This advance on your allowance will just be between you and me.

Kiyoshi
C'mon, quit it! I told you not to call me Kiyoshi!

Mii-chan's Owner
But it's such a beautiful name! I picked it out myself, you know.
It was the name of a fine doctor from my home village...

Kiyoshi
Yeah, I know, I've heard.
C'mon, hook me up already.

Mii-chan's Owner
Oh, yes, yes.
It's not much, try not to spend it all in one place!

Kiyoshi
Sweet, thanks. See ya.

Mii-chan's Owner
Be careful, and visit again soon!

Aigis
I have something I want to ask that "Kiyoshi-san"...

===============================================================================================

Aigis
Kiyoshi-san, please wait.

Kiyoshi
Hey! Don't call me that—


Kiyoshi
H-Huh? A-Aigis-senpai?

Aigis
Do you know me?

Kiyoshi
Well, yeah... You're famous!
I-I'm... Kiyoshi Sakuma... I'm a first-year.

Kiyoshi
Everyone calls me Joe, Aigis-senpai, so you can just—


Aigis
I would like to ask you something, Kiyoshi-san. Do you mind?

Kiyoshi
......

Kiyoshi
Uh, sure...

Aigis
Kiyoshi-san... Do you feel lonely when you are by yourself?

Kiyoshi
Huh? What...?

Aigis
Your grandmother said that she's lonely, because she has nobody else.

Kiyoshi
What is this, a lecture?

Aigis
No... I just want to know.
Why don't you visit your grandmother more often?
If you are her relative, you may have the power to alleviate her loneliness.

Kiyoshi
I mean, I am her grandson, but...
Look, I don't need a lecture from you, alright? It's none of your business, okay?

Aigis
Kiyoshi-san, have you ever considered what it means to live?

Kiyoshi
To live?

Aigis
Sad - Personally... I think the bonds between people are what's most important.
That's what your grandmother is slowly losing.

Kiyoshi
......

Kiyoshi
"To live"? Are you kidding? No one actually talks like that.
What more do you need outta life than to have a blast?

Aigis
To "have a blast"...

Kiyoshi
I mean, you're happy when you're having fun, right?
So, hell yeah! We're alive to have a good time!

Aigis
Sad - A good time...

Kiyoshi
So, whaddaya say, Aigis-senpai? If you got time, why don't we—


Aigis
Thank you, Kiyoshi-san.

Aigis
Let's go, Minato-san.

Kiyoshi
Huh!? What the hell!?
What, so you were just tryin' to play me!?

Kiyoshi
Tch... Screw you!

Aigis
Sad - ......
I can't understand Kiyoshi-san's feelings...
Sad - ...And I even made him angry.

Aigis
Sad - Did I do something wrong?

Minato Arisato - Selection
You didn't call him Joe.
No, you didn't.
He thought I was your boyfriend.

Aigis
...?

Aigis
Sad - Oh...

Aigis
You're right. I hadn't noticed that.
Now I get it.

Aigis
Sad - I see...
I wonder why... hearing you reassure me that way is... well...
Happy - ...It makes me happy.

Aigis
Boyfriend... A term that is used when one is in a mutually romantic relationship, correct?
Is... something wrong with that?

Aigis
If I assume you are my boyfriend... My boyfriend...?
......

Aigis
Hm? What is this...? It feels strange to phrase it like that...
......

Aigis
I...
Ever since I decided to live...
I've been asking "why" and "how" more frequently.

Aigis
The more time I spend with you, the more I discover that I don't understand...
But, when I ask myself why I'm not alive...
Sad - ...I never have an answer.

Aigis
Sad - ......
Sad - Is this what you call... "frustration"?

Aigis
But at the same time, I feel extremely lucky.
I would even say I'm more fortunate than others, despite not being human myself...

Aigis
Happy - After all, you are very important to me, and I get to be by your side.
It's strange how two conflicting feelings can coexist...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Aigis seems to be deep in thought...
It seems we've grown closer...

Aigis
In all honesty, though...
My feelings towards Kiyoshi-san are... unusually harsh.

Aigis
Kiyoshi-san has warm, soft hands to embrace those precious to him...

Aigis
And yet, he...
Sad - ......

Aigis
Sad - What is this ugly feeling?

Aigis
Sad - Is it... jealousy...?

Aigis
Let's stop this... It isn't right.

Aigis
Yes. I am stopping right here.

Aigis
Happy - Shall we go home, then?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
We decided to go back to the dorm.

