Aigis   
Oh...   
   
Aigis   
You're Kiyoshi-san's grandmother. Good afternoon.   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
Oh, you're those nice students from before. Hello there!   
You have great timing, I was just hoping to run into you two again.   
The truth is... Mii-chan's disappeared again.   
   
Aigis   
Oh, so it's a recurring problem.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Don't worry, though. At least this time, we have an idea of where to find her.   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
No... That's all right.   
I believe that this time, Mii-chan went in search of something.   
   
Aigis   
In search of something?   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
When cats feel that their life is nearly over, they look for a place to wait for the end. Isn't that what they say?   
   
Aigis   
Very angry* - W-Wait! But what about—!   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
It's okay. Mii-chan even came to say goodbye to me before she left.   
So... I don't think I'll need you to find her anymore.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Miss...   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
Besides, it's more or less the same for me. My day will eventually come, too...   
And when it does, I hope I can rest in peace, without making trouble for anyone else.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Ah...   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
Oh, I'm so sorry.   
But, I did want to make sure I thanked you two again.   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
It was nice to see you. Well, good day.   
   
Aigis   
Wait!   
Miss, um...   
   
Aigis   
Angry - You're not alone!   
Angry - I'm certain of it!   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
......   
Yes... You're right.   
No one is ever truly alone. Not as long as they continue to live in this world.   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
See? I have the company of a fine young lady such as yourself!   
   
Aigis   
......   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
Bless you, dear girl. You have a kind heart.   
   
Mii-chan's Owner   
See you later!   
   
Aigis   
Kiyoshi-san said that people live to be happy...   
   
Aigis   
Was Mii-chan-san happy?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
I think she was happy.   
Who knows?   
   
Aigis   
Was Mii-chan-san... grateful to have been born...?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
I'm sure she was.   
I'm not sure.   
   
Aigis   
For what purpose... was Mii-chan-san born...?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
No one can say.   
I don't know.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Life...   
Sad - Where does it originate? Where does it go...?   
Sad - What reason does life have to exist?   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Living means connecting with others, but all life eventually ends.   
Sad - Parting seems to be a natural and inevitable aspect of life.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - An unavoidable end...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Life... is cruel...   
   
Aigis   
I wonder... Will I, too, someday have to part with you forever?   
......   
   
Aigis   
I do want to live, but that's not the only thing!   
I... It's not just about becoming more human, it's about you...   
   
Aigis   
Angry - Being with you...!   
   
Aigis   
Sad - What... What is this feeling!?   
   
Aigis   
Sad - What... do I want to do?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Aigis looks terribly confused...   
It seems we've grown closer...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - ......   
Sad - I'm sorry for getting upset...   
Sad - I'm going to head back.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I decided to go back to the dorm.   
   
