Aigis
Isn't it interesting how the sunlight on a winter's day seems clearer than it is during the summer?
Maybe it's because the sun is lower in the sky, and you don't have to look up to see it.
I've gotten so used to this view... But no two times is it ever exactly the same.
Sad - You could say the same thing about one's day to day.
Sad - ...And each life as well.

Aigis
The Promised Day is almost here.
Sad - January 31st...

Minato Arisato - Selection
You're right.
I hadn't noticed...

Aigis
Whenever I come up here, I get lost in my thoughts.
Happy - "I can't let it end like this..." "I want to protect it all." Thoughts like that.

Aigis
Happy - If only I could be that calm.

Aigis
Since last time... I've tried thinking things through more rationally.
I thought about that old lady and Mii-chan-san... and Kiyoshi-san as well.

Aigis
Sad - I wonder if Mii-chan-san was alone until the moment of her death...
Sad - Somewhere no one could find her...
Sad - I think... the old lady wanted to be there for her at the end.

Aigis
To live means to be connected to other people, but life is finite. Farewells are unavoidable.
It's sad to think about, but you and I will have to part one day as well.
Sad - And then... I'll never be able to see you again.

Aigis
Sad - There are so many things in life I don't understand... It's filled with so much pain.
Sad - You meet others, forge relationships, and spend time with them... and then they're gone, leaving you behind.
Looking away - Leaving you alone...
Looking away - ......

Aigis
I... am a machine.
No matter how human my heart becomes, my body will never be flesh and blood.
As long as I undergo maintenance and can replace my broken parts, I will exist indefinitely.
Sad - ...But even so, I can understand this much.

Aigis
No two views are alike. No two days are the same.
Sad - It's natural for everything to disappear, reemerge, and constantly change.
Sad - Life is both short and finite.

Aigis
Sad - That's what makes it so invaluable, and why one feels that it must be cherished...
When you think about it, it's a miracle that two given people are able to ever meet in this chaotic flow of time and space...
That's why we find happiness in forging bonds and relationships.

Aigis
I think that might be the true joy of being alive...
It can be sad, but at the same time so warm... Beautiful because it is destined to end...

Aigis
Angry - And that's why... I mustn't hesitate any longer.
Angry - I have to tell you my feelings...

Aigis
Angry - I want to spend time with you, Minato-san.
To see new sights with you... To go to new places together.
To share new experiences... To make far more memories.

Aigis
Sad - I know I'm being selfish.
Sad - Your time is finite, and I know that someone like me shouldn't be taking it away from you...
But, even so... my wish is to be your closest friend.

Minato Arisato - Selection
You're already my best friend.
That's a beautiful wish.

Aigis
...!
Sad - I... I'm sorry. I... don't know what to say...
Sad - I thought telling you how I felt would be enough for me...

Aigis
Happy - But... hearing you say that makes me so happy.
Happy - ......

Aigis
...!
I... I'm sorry. I... don't know what to say...

Aigis
Sad - I was so afraid of being nothing but a burden to you...
Sad - ......

Aigis
Happy - Thank you so much, Minato-san.
Happy - I'll never forget the time we spent here today.

Aigis
Happy - We should start heading back.
Happy - I wouldn't want my best friend to catch a cold from staying out too late.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I decided to go back to the dorm with Aigis.

