Aigis
Isn't it interesting how the sunlight on a clear winter day seems stronger than it is during the summer?
Perhaps it's because the sun is lower in the sky, and you don't have to look up to see it.

Aigis
I've gotten so used to this view... But no two times is it ever exactly the same.
Sad - You could say the same thing about one's day to day.
Sad - ...And each life as well.

Aigis
The Promised Day is almost here.

Aigis
Sad - January 31st...

Minato Arisato - Selection
You're right.
I hadn't noticed...

Aigis
Whenever I come up here, I get lost in my thoughts.
Sad - "I can't let it end like this..." "I want to protect it all." Thoughts like that.

Aigis
Happy - If only I could be that calm.

Aigis
Since last time... I've tried thinking things through more rationally.
I thought about that old lady and Mii-chan-san... and Kiyoshi-san as well.

Aigis
Sad - I wonder if Mii-chan-san was alone until the moment of her death...
Sad - Somewhere no one could find her...
Sad - I think... the old lady wanted to be there for her at the end.

Aigis
To live means to be connected to other people, but life is finite. Farewells are unavoidable.
It's sad to think about, but you and I will have to part one day as well.

Aigis
Sad - And then... I'll never be able to see you again.

Aigis
Sad - There are so many things in life I don't understand... It's filled with so much pain.
Sad - You meet others, forge relationships, and spend time with them... and then they're gone, leaving you behind.
Sad - Leaving you alone...
Sad - ......

Aigis
Sad - When I think about that, I just can't hold back my feelings.
...But, I understand now.
That's just how it is.

Aigis
No two views are alike. No two days are the same.
It's natural for everything to disappear, reemerge, and constantly change.
Life is both short and finite.

Aigis
Happy - That's what makes it so invaluable, and why one feels that it must be cherished...
Happy - When you think about it, it's a miracle that two given people are able to ever meet in this chaotic flow of time and space...
Happy - I believe that's why we find happiness in forging bonds and relationships with others.

Aigis
And... that might be the true joy of being alive...
Sad - It can be sad, but at the same time so warm... Beautiful because it is destined to end...

Aigis
And that's why... I mustn't hesitate any longer.

Aigis
I need to tell you...
Even if this wish of mine is to never come true... I still want to tell you my true feelings...
......

Aigis
Minato-san...
I...
I love you...

Aigis
Very angry* - I know I'm a machine. I know... that I cannot truly touch you as a human.

Aigis
Very angry* - But I can't help it!
Sad - All I can see or think about is you, Minato-san...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I sense Aigis' strong affection towards me...
I'd better choose my words carefully...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Come to think of it, **I have a special**
**relationship with another person already**...

Aigis
Sad - I love you so much... that I feel like I'm going to break down somehow...

Minato Arisato - Selection
I love you, too.
Sorry, but I can't...

Aigis
Angry - ...!
......

Aigis
......

Aigis
I-I'm sorry. I can't... think of anything to say...

Aigis
Perhaps something really has broken inside of me...

Aigis
Happy - I feel... so happy...
Happy - ......

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Aigis has expressed her feelings for me.
I have entered a special
relationship with Aigis...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
There's no going back now...

Aigis
Happy - Um... W-We should go back.
Happy - ......

Aigis
Sad - I-I'll go ahead. I... It's too difficult to look you in the eye right now.

Aigis
Sad - Um...
Happy - S-See you later...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
We decided to go back
to the dorm separately.

Aigis
...!
......

Aigis
Sad - ...Yes, I expected as much.
Sad - I-I'm sorry. I can't... think of anything to say...
Sad - Perhaps something really has broken inside of me...

Aigis
Sad - I thought being able to tell you my feelings would have been enough for me...
Sad - But, it's only made me want to be with you more... I'm hopeless, aren't I?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Aigis expressed her feelings for me.
It seems we've grown closer...

Aigis
Thank you, Minato-san.
I'm grateful that you gave me a straight answer, and that you treated me like a human being.

Aigis
Happy - ...It's painful. But now, I feel like I can move on without regrets.
Sad - ......

Aigis
Oh, um... Shall we head back?
Happy - And if you don't mind, I'd like to be as we always have. As a friend by your side.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I decided to go back to the dorm with Aigis.

