Aigis   
Could you come a little closer?   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Ah, right there. That should be good.   
Happy - Okay, here goes.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Ch-Cheese...!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Cheese.   
......   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Oh, good! It came out nicely this time.   
I wasn't here when everyone took pictures last time...   
   
Aigis   
I've wanted to get one with you since.   
Technically, I could just capture video data through my eyes...   
Sad - But in that situation, I wouldn't be able to appear in the picture myself.   
   
Aigis   
Oh, I know it's a little late to be asking this, but...   
Do you like taking photos, Minato-san?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Yeah, it's fun.   
Actually, I don't.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Ah, what a relief.   
Happy - In that case, we should get a "silly one" next time.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - I-I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable.   
Happy - I'll make sure to treasure this one!   
   
Aigis   
I think photographs are a truly amazing invention.   
They allow us to preserve a single moment in the endless flow of time...   
This technology was born from a desire to preserve the experiences that are precious to us.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Until recently, I was sad about the fact that I am a machine... That I'm so different from other people.   
But after telling you my feelings... I realized something.   
Happy - There is one thing only a machine with a human heart can do... That only I can do.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
What's that?   
I don't understand.   
   
Aigis   
No matter how clear our photos and records are, they can't preserve our feelings.   
Data and memories aren't the same thing.   
Emotions can't be captured by a photograph. They can only continue to exist in our memories.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - But, we'll all have to say goodbye eventually. And someday, our memories will fade.   
But, I'm different.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - I'm going to keep my memories of everyone alive.   
Happy - Your experiences and feelings will continue to live on, inside of me.   
Happy - I will never forget. Even if you all change, or if time ends up pulling us apart...   
   
Aigis   
O-Oh, yes... Umm...   
Will you take this?   
   
Aigis   
That's one of my parts that had to be replaced after I collapsed at the Moonlight Bridge.   
I asked Mitsuru-san to have it sent here.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - I kept it hidden until recently, because it reminded me that I'm just a machine...   
But, not anymore.   
   
Aigis   
Now, it's a symbol to show that I'll always remember you.   
This is the proof of my resolve... and I want you to have it.   
   
Aigis   
I want you to know that as long as I'm here, I will never leave you.   
No matter how or when your life comes to an end...   
   
Aigis   
Happy - At that moment, I will be by your side.   
Happy - Everything that makes you who you are... will live on in my memories.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - I am your friend, but I am also the machine that will keep your memory alive.   
Happy - Because this is something only I can do.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Aigis has a genuine smile upon her face.   
I feel a strong bond with Aigis...   
   
SYS_018_0_0   
The Aeon Social Link reached its maximum level! You can now fuse **Metatron**, the attendant to the infinite!   
   
Junpei Iori   
Happy - Oh! Hey, you two! We're hooome!   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Oh, welcome back... Were you hanging out together?   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Happy - We ran into each other at the station and, well, I would've felt bad just leaving Junpei behind there.   
   
Junpei Iori   
Exasperated* - Uh-huh. You're just so thoughtful, aren'tcha?   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Happy - Hehe. So, what were you and Aigis up to?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Taking a picture.   
Just chatting.   
   
Junpei Iori   
A picture? Why?   
Happy - Oh, yeeeah! Ai-chan wasn't there last time!   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Happy - I've actually been wondering for a while now, but what do you two usually talk about?   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Today, we were having a very fulfilling discussion about photographs.   
   
Aigis   
Happy - Oh, that's right! Why don't we all take a photo together, since we're here?   
   
Junpei Iori   
Happy - Oooh, check it out, we got all the second-years here! Alright, I'm in, let's do it!   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Sure, but who's gonna take it? I don't think we can fit all five of us...   
Happy - Well, I guess we could just take turns!   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Happy - Ah okay, I'll take the first shot. Where does everyone want to stand?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I spent a long time with everyone...   
   
