Aigis
Oh, um... Please don't worry.
The shells on the floor are only blanks. There's no gunpowder in them.

Aigis
S-So, what do you think of my room? Are you surprised?

Aigis
Sad - To be honest... I was hesitant to invite you here.

Aigis
Sad - I don't have any welcoming decorations to make this feel like a home...
Sad - It's hard to believe I ever thought this room was normal...

Aigis
But, that's exactly why I wanted to show it to you.

Aigis
As you can see from the decor, I'm a machine...
I'll never be the same as humans like Yukari-san or Mitsuru-san.

Aigis
Sad - It used to bother me...
...But, I figured something out.
There's something only I can say, because I am unable to die.

Minato Arisato - Selection
What is it?
I don't really get it.

Aigis
Happy - It's very simple.

Aigis
I... will never leave you.
No matter how or when your life comes to an end...

Aigis
Happy - At that moment, I will be by your side.
Happy - You will... always remain in my heart.

Aigis
O-Oh yes... Umm...
Will you take this?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
DEV: *Unused message labels. 
*If this appears, it is a bug.

Aigis
That's one of my parts that had to be replaced after I collapsed at the Moonlight Bridge.
I asked Mitsuru-san to have it sent here.

Aigis
I've... grown, since then.
I'm not afraid, and I won't give up... I'll get back up, no matter how many times it takes...
I'll fight by your side and protect you...

Aigis
Happy - This is the proof of my resolve... And I want you to have it.
Happy - It's a part of me.

Aigis
If living is about spending time with people you've forged relationships with...
Then, I want to be closer to you than anyone else.

Aigis
Happy - My connection to you is my reason for living.

Aigis
Happy - What's most important to me is to be by your side.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Aigis has a genuine smile upon her face.
I feel a strong bond with Aigis...

SYS_009_0_0
The Aeon Social Link reached its maximum level! You can now fuse **Metatron**, the attendant to the infinite!

Aigis
Sad - I, um... actually have one more favor to ask...

Aigis
Sad - At the base of my neck, behind the knot of my ribbon...
Sad - That's where my most important component is.

Aigis
The artificial psyche that makes me who I am...
My emotional engine... The "Papillon Heart."
It's extremely delicate, and I'm not allowed to expose it outside of the laboratory's clean room...

Aigis
But... I want you to touch it.

Aigis
If you make direct contact with it, your genetic information will most likely be burnt into it.
Happy - Even so... I want you to do it.

Aigis
Happy - I want to leave irrefutable proof on my body of our connection...
Happy - Not just as a simple memory, but as something permanent... Something that can never be erased.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Aigis is gazing at me intently...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Nod silently
Gently hold her hand

Aigis
Happy - Thank you.

Aigis
Happy - I'm so glad...
Happy - Please... come closer.

Aigis
Ah...

Aigis
Happy - I'm so happy...
Happy - Well, then...

Aigis
Sad - Oh, um...
Sad - Since you'll be coming into direct contact with my heart, um...

Aigis
Sad - I apologize in advance if I say something odd, or make unusual noises...
Sad - For safety, I'll be shutting off the motor functions to my arms and legs.

Aigis
Well then, um...

Aigis
Happy - Will you... untie my ribbon?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I spent a long time with Aigis...

