Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I spent some time working   
with the student council.   
The hours flew by as I   
worked hard on my tasks.   
   
Secretary   
Thanks for all your hard work today.   
   
Chihiro Fushimi   
Well then, please excuse me.   
   
Hidetoshi Odagiri   
Oh, can I borrow you for a moment, Arisato-kun?   
I'd like to hear your opinion on something. It's nothing serious, but...   
Some students think the school uniform should be abolished, and they're gathering supporters.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
They've got a point.   
Sounds like nonsense.   
   
Hidetoshi Odagiri   
Angry - That's so irrational of you, Arisato-kun.   
   
Hidetoshi Odagiri   
Uniforms serve a purpose. It's a basic lesson that teaches you to play by the rules.   
Angry - These students that complain about uniforms think that they can be functional members of society? Laughable!   
   
Hidetoshi Odagiri   
Happy - Yes, because it is nonsense.   
   
Hidetoshi Odagiri   
They think freedom is a life without rules. It's ridiculous, plain and simple.   
Without rules, the whole system will collapse. They're mistaking selfishness for freedom.   
   
Hidetoshi Odagiri   
Sad - Sorry, overreacted a bit there.   
I hate people with no common sense. I have very little desire to talk to them.   
Happy - And don't take that the wrong way. I just want you to understand where I'm coming from.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I think Odagiri's starting to trust me.   
I feel like we're becoming better friends.   
   
SYS_011_0_0   
DEV: Unused label.   
   
Hidetoshi Odagiri   
Why don't you head on home? I'll lock up here when I'm finished.   
Get home safely.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I left the student council room   
and went back to the dorm.   
   
