Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_000_0_0
Oh, it's you, Arisato-kun.
Sad - You don't look so good. Is the weather getting to you? It's been getting warmer.
It's already March...
......
There's something I wanted to tell you.
Well, we're in the same grade, so I'm sure we'll have plenty of chances to talk...
Even so, I wanted to say this while we're both still on the student council.

Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_001_0_0
...I'm going to quit.
Well, this semester is just about wrapping up. All this means is I'm not going to apply next year.
That cigarette business gave me a lot to think about.
This may sound odd, but do you think this country is headed in the right direction?

Minato Arisato - Selection
I think so.
I doubt it.

Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_003_0_0
I see. Well, I feel differently.
You're an optimistic man, so maybe society looks different through your eyes.

Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_004_0_0
I see. Me neither.

Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_005_0_0
Up until January, there was a sinister cult growing in popularity.
Sad - "A society without a future"... For many people out there, that's the reality.
Angry - I was thinking how we could change that... And what it would take to change society.
Angry - My answer to that used to be "reform by those in power." I thought that was the only way.
Sad - But starting a revolution just because you have the power to do so creates more problems.
Sad - That's what the cigarette incident taught me. I realized how naive I had been.

Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_006_0_0
And it helped me arrive at a different answer.
I think the best thing for society is education.
Every last individual that makes up our society should have a right to education of heart and mind.
I really believe that's what we need the most. And so...
I'm thinking of becoming a teacher.
A society is shaped by its people. Every person I help grow helps society grow by extension.
...You're not going to laugh and tell me I'm dreaming?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Maybe a little.
I won't do that.

Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_008_0_0
Happy - Ha... To be honest, I'm amused by the prospect myself.
Happy - I don't know if I'd make a good teacher. My students would probably hate me.
......

Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_009_0_0
Happy - I see... Well, I plan to do my best.
......

Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_010_0_0
...That's all I wanted to tell you.
That, and to say thanks.
This was all because of you. So, thank you.

Hidetoshi Odagiri - MSG_011_0_0
By the way, no one even talks about the cigarette incident anymore.
For everyone except me, it was a minor, easily forgotten incident.
But I don't think I'll ever forget it.
Happy - And I won't forget you either, of course.
Happy - Thanks again.

