   
Akinari Kamiki   
   
   
I don't use my phone much.   
   
   
This feels new and refreshing.   
The weather was just so pleasant that I decided to take a walk to the shrine.   
What are you doing now?   
   
-----   
   
Words on a tiny screen   
   
   
seem to convey something more than a letter could.   
I'm sitting at the bench again, the weather is fine too.   
Would you come meet me?   
   
-----   
   
Morning sun in your eyes   
   
   
for a moment, I feel forgiven.   
While this happiness lasts, that bench springs to mind.   
If you were next to me, there'd be nothing more I could ask for.   
   
-----   
   
Upon a dry spring   
   
   
a faint light shines, sparkling down upon its remnants.   
Though I know it's but an illusion, I find myself longing to reach out to it.   
I want to talk with you today, at the usual place.   
   
-----   
   
Fiction and reality   
   
   
may seem disparate, but their boundaries meld and flow together, just like the changing of the seasons.   
Will you hear my lie out?   
   
-----   
   
My time   
   
   
is closing in; I've been feeling lighter and lighter.   
If only I could ride a gust of wind that was you... then maybe I'd make it just a little farther.   
I have a favor to ask of you. Will you meet me?   
   
-----   
   
Once I stopped lamenting   
   
   
it felt like time began to rush by.   
It may be ironic, but this is just enough for me.   
I miss you. I want to see you again. That's all there is.   
   
-----   
   
If it weren't for you   
   
   
the words spelled out by my hand would never have been read.   
I want to tell you the rest in person, on the bench where the sun shines through the trees.   
   
-----   
   
Before I knew it   
   
   
I was fervently typing on my cell phone.   
Would you come meet me?   
   
-----   
   
It's quiet here.   
   
   
You don't have to cover your ears to feel the calm passage of time.   
Come join me if you'd like.   
   
-----   
   
Only a thread   
   
   
binds the two of us together in this world.   
I'm at the shrine today too.   
   
---   
   
   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
It seems Kamiki would enjoy my company.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Should I meet up with him?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Meet with Kamiki   
Not now   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Let's head to where Kamiki is.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I feel as if we can grow closer thanks to the   
 Persona, ****...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I feel like I might grow closer   
to  soon...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I don't think our bond will grow   
any stronger even if I spend   
more time with ...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I don't think our bond will grow   
any stronger even if I spend   
more time with ...   
   
