Game Screen   
Autumn, the year 199X...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I have one new message.   
   
Game Screen   
From: "PHIL."   
Reality is just a series of events and players acting out what they believe to be true.   
When we accept that fact, our world becomes as real as any other.   
Reality is but a reflection of our own thoughts and expectations.   
But... what if we were merely reflections in someone else's mirror?   
Are you prepared to look through that mirror to discover the truth?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I'm in Shinagawa Dungeon...   
I don't see any other players...   
A girl in red approaches me.   
   
Girl in Red   
sup xD   
asl...? oh wait, r u a nub? u r, huh? ＞_＞   
   
oh wow. u haven't even finished makin your char yet... o_O   
guess the new default skin thing was 4 real. i got dis cool outfit in the patch too   
not liek it brought in many new ppl... this is kind of a dead MMO these days xD   
eh, welcome to teh game! cool to seeya round :3   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Who are you...?   
It's not popular anymore?   
   
Girl in Red   
sry. i got kinda ooc there =o   
we r supposed to be our "alternate selves" rite? uhhhh... yeah =/   
sooo... what r u gonna call ur char? all i c is "no data" o_O   
hm... hey, i got a good name for u :3   
how bout tatsuya? ya thats perfect, imo   
i'll change mine to maya, k? =D   
   
Maya   
have a little deja vu? ;P   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Heh, that's clever.   
I don't get it...   
   
Maya   
o rly? im impressed, i didn't think many people played that!   
well if u see any jokers, be sure to rescu me, k? ^^y   
   
Maya   
figures, its been a while hehe. i played that game soooooo much in college T_T   
oops. hope u cant figure out how old i am... rofl!!   
   
Maya   
ne way, im usually idling here on my **days off**... ＞_＞   
   
so if ur bored, maybe we can level together. it sux to be lonely =P   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I've become acquainted with a player   
who goes by the name "Maya"...   
   
Maya   
sry, gtg =x   
   
Maya   
remember, let's think positive! traesto! xD   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya's player signed off...   
I decided to log out as well.   
   
