Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I'm in Shinagawa Dungeon...   
I see Maya.   
   
Maya   
listen tatsuya! ＞;)   
nowadays i just log on to MMOs with bedhead and all (liek today lol)   
but when i was little, ppl said i was a real cutie -_-;;   
guess i missed my chance rite? nobody thinks i'm hawt ne more T_T   
...do men only want younger women? b honest ._.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
What are you talking about?   
Age isn't the point.   
Well, yeah.   
   
Maya   
er, sry... kinda random i know ^^;;;   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems a little awkward.   
   
Maya   
when i get all worked up, i dun realize what comes outta my mouth =x   
   
Maya   
that's wat im talkin about! u really get me ;D what's really important is tru luv!   
buuuut i think i tend to liek them on the younger side too tho :X lol   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems very happy.   
   
Maya   
thought so... everyone knows it but it still sux to hear it for real orz T_T   
fair is fair tho =P i tend to liek them on the younger side myself lol   
...what ＞_＞;; im innocent!!!!!   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya begins to cower.   
   
Maya   
btw, am i making ne sense? i hope so, cuz i teach composition!! o_O;;   
mkay, i'll be calm. i'll compose my bitching carefully for you ;P   
one of my coworkers is really pissing me off. im trying to avoid her @_@   
we use to teach teh same grade and we were together ALL THE TIME   
its been a while but that kinda thing sticks w/ u, ya know?   
ne way, she said she needed some advice, but then she just started bragging! ＞=(   
some student asked her out, and a guy she doesn't liek proposed to her... UGH!   
im not jealous, its just so freakin annoying omg =_=;   
i hate skanky hoes liek her! just give the puppy-dog eyes and guys will do whatever!   
she even stuffs her bra!! lol   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
She, um... what?   
Calm down.   
   
Maya   
...im afraid u know too much now tatusya...   
but thats rite, she's got fake tits   
HAHahahahahhahaha!!!1 xDDDDDD ok for real tho keep dis between u an me, k? O=)   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems to be enjoying herself.   
   
Maya   
not my fault shes so insecure she has to equip buffs on her boobs. :V how fake can u be   
im fine w/ massaging in teh shower and drnking more milk. all natural ;)   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya's telling me more   
than I wished to know.   
   
Maya   
i swear omg, i saw Ms. K running in late one time, rite? and uh...   
her pads fell down an it looked liek she had 4!!! O_O XDDD   
...theyre fake for sure u_u   
my school is FULL of teachers like taht! -_-;   
man tatsuya, talkin to u is better than gettin a massage =P ::blush::   
complaining online is now an important part of my days off ^_^   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya seems to like talking to me.   
I feel like we're growing closer...   
   
Maya   
we r s'posed to be fighting demons from hell, rite? ＞;)   
...but after what i jus said, i might go to hell ne way o_O;;   
well... i rented sum DVDs, sooo... later, tatsuya! thx for chattin   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Maya's player signed off.   
I decided to log out as well.   
   
