   
Mamoru Hayase   
   
   
Did you run 100 laps?   
   
   
I've gotten even faster after doing 100 laps after our little showdown.   
Let's grab a bite together again. See you at the strip mall some time.   
   
-----   
   
Come quickly   
   
   
I'm starving. Come see me as soon as you can.   
I'll run twenty laps around the mall until you get here.   
   
-----   
   
You coming?   
   
   
I beat my personal best at practice today. I've been on a roll ever since we started having meals together.   
Come see me at the strip mall some time soon.   
   
-----   
   
Time to refuel   
   
   
I've been training even harder to prep for the tournament.   
My schedule's more packed now, and I also have to eat more now since I've been burning more calories.   
Do you want to get something to eat?   
   
-----   
   
Can you help me?   
   
   
I'm getting in top condition for the tournament, but... Could I ask you a favor?   
Come find me at the strip mall.   
   
-----   
   
Sorry about that   
   
   
Thanks to you, my mom's feeling a lot better. I finally have some time for myself.   
Can we meet?   
   
-----   
   
Can we meet?   
   
   
I always feel like a weight's been lifted off my shoulders every time I talk to you. I really appreciate it.   
Let me know if you could make it today.   
   
-----   
   
Let's meet up   
   
   
You've really been a big help time after time.   
Let's go out for some food again. I'll be waiting at the usual spot.   
   
-----   
   
I have no regrets   
   
   
I just wrapped up my usual training regimen today even though I don't need to practice hard anymore.   
It's a tough habit to break, and it's made me hungry, as usual.   
Wanna get something to eat?   
   
-----   
   
How about food?   
   
   
Let's grab a bite somewhere. I'll be waiting at the strip mall.   
   
-----   
   
He who eats well is strong   
   
   
I'm not just talking about me, but also you. Let's get some food.   
   
-----   
   
Hurry over   
   
   
There's no time to waste. We gotta practice, but first, let's get something to eat.   
   
===============================================================================================   
   
   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Looks like Hayase wants to hang out...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Should I meet up with him?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Meet with Hayase   
Not now   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Let's head to where Hayase is.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I feel as if we can grow closer thanks to the   
 Persona, ****...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I feel like I might grow closer   
to  soon...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I don't think our bond will grow   
any stronger even if I spend   
more time with ...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I don't think our bond will grow   
any stronger even if I spend   
more time with ...   
   
