Keisuke Hiraga - MSG_000_0_0
Ah, Arisato-kun.
Sad - Are you okay? You don't look well...
Sad - I hope it's not anemia... Should we get you to the nurse's office?
Sad - Though, actually, that might be a bit hard for me.

Keisuke Hiraga - MSG_001_0_0
I guess I'll just tell you. So, I took the exam for the medical school I was hoping to go to.
...And I failed.
Happy - I guess this is my first real failure in life. Heheh...
So starting in the spring, I'll be a student-in-training. I'll have to keep studying hard every day.

Minato Arisato - Selection
Good luck next time!
Don't push yourself.

Keisuke Hiraga - MSG_003_0_0
I don't think I did badly, but exams tend to have a luck factor to them, too.

Keisuke Hiraga - MSG_004_0_0
I gave it a pretty good effort, I think. I just started studying too late in the game.

Keisuke Hiraga - MSG_005_0_0
......
The old me would've just given up. I don't exactly have the strongest willpower.
But now it's a different story.
I want to be a doctor and save as many lives as I can. I want to protect the people I love.
There are a lot of different ways I can accomplish that.
Happy - And the way I want to do it is through the power of healing.

Keisuke Hiraga - MSG_006_0_0
So from now on, I won't lose focus.
Next year, I'm going to try again, and I'll pass with flying colors.

Keisuke Hiraga - MSG_007_0_0
Thank you, Arisato-kun.
I think it was because of your help that I've changed so much.
Happy - I'll be graduating a year earlier than you, but I won't forget about you.

Keisuke Hiraga - MSG_008_0_0
Really, thank you, Arisato-kun...
Happy - When I'm a doctor, I'll give you free checkups, okay?
Until then, promise you'll look after your health.
Sad - ...You're not looking great now, to be honest. Just take care of yourself, okay?

