Fuuka Yamagishi   
Sad - Junpei-kun... Koro-chan...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - I thought... we were all searching for the same thing...   
Sad - I thought we all cared about each other... So why...?   
   
Metis   
The next battle will be the last.   
If we win, there won't be anyone left who can take your key.   
   
Aigis   
Sad - This... can't be right...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - I think I agree with Junpei-san. That we're the problem...   
Sad - And knowing that I might die because of all this... It's terrifying...   
Sad - Terrifying to think that conflict is inevitable because agreeing with anyone means disagreeing with someone else...   
Sad - So do we really have no choice but to hurt the ones we care about the most...?   
Sad - That's just... I don't think I can take it...   
   
Metis   
Sad - Sister...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - I can't do this. I won't. I'm not fighting anymore.   
Sad - I'll give Yukari-san and Mitsuru-san my key, and this will be over.   
   
Metis   
Very angry* - No! You can't just let yourself die!   
   
Aigis   
Sad - If I did, then that would be fine...   
Sad - Besides, you still don't know that for certain. I should be okay if my power core remains functional.   
   
Metis   
Angry - Wait, hold on!   
Angry - I... I had a premonition!   
   
Metis   
Sad - I get... that I haven't shared much about myself. But I wasn't trying to hide something.   
Sad - I just... really don't know anything...   
   
Metis   
Sad - I'm not sure when I discovered my emotions because I don't have any memories...   
Sad - I just woke up here, alone, and I only knew two things...   
   
Metis   
Sad - One was that I had a sister somewhere out there who would understand me...   
Sad - And the other... was that, if I didn't do something, she would die.   
   
Metis   
At first, I thought it would be because of the Abyss of Time.   
But I don't think so anymore. Now I think...   
Very angry* - It's that power you awakened to. A power that leads to its wielder's death...   
   
Aigis   
"Its wielder's"... "death"...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - The answer... to life...   
   
Metis   
Looking away - I went to find you so I could save you, but I ended up causing your power to awaken...   
Sad - That's why... I would do anything to protect you.   
Sad - Even if it means you'll hate me for it...   
Sad - Because you're... all I have...   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Sad - Metis...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - ......   
   
Aigis   
Sad - I felt the same way about someone once...   
Sad - But... That's exactly why I won't fight anymore. I can't hurt the people who made me who I am...   
Sad - Even if you're right and it ends up leading to my death.   
   
Metis   
Very angry* - No, I don't want you to die!   
   
Aigis   
Sad - ...!   
   
Metis   
Sad - Why do you have to die? Why does it have to be you...?   
Sad - Why can't it... be me instead?   
   
Metis   
Sad - Please don't leave me behind... I'll give my life for the key too!   
Sad - And if that doesn't work... then I'm coming with you! So we can always be together...   
   
Aigis   
What... exactly are you saying...!?   
   
Metis   
Crying - Please, don't leave me all alone!   
Crying - Aaaaaahhh...!   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Metis...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - ......   
Sad - I'm sorry. Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere.   
Sad - I know how painful it is... to be left behind like that...   
Sad - How could I do that to you...?   
   
Metis   
Crying - Aaaaaaaahhh...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - You always seem to remind me of the things that are most important...   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Sad - Aigis...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - Feelings for others can be painful, and even make us hurt each other...   
Sad - Honestly, they can cause a lot of suffering.   
Sad - But if I try to avoid that by not making a choice... I'd just be passing it off to someone else.   
Sad - I...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - I think I finally understand what Yukari-san was saying before.   
   
Yukari Takeba   
Now everyone needs to recognize their own feelings.   
Think about who he was and what he meant to us...   
   
Aigis   
Sad - I was... running away from how I feel.   
   
Aigis   
What will I choose...?   
If fixing or letting go of the past isn't the right way to think about it...   
   
Aigis   
Fuuka-san, I want to discuss something with you.   
   
Fuuka Yamagishi   
Surprised - Hm...?   
   
Aigis   
You too, Metis.   
   
