Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Fuuka asked me to check on Amada...   
This could be a good opportunity   
to get to know him better.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Should I spend the evening with Amada?   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Looks like Amada is in his room...   
This could be a good opportunity   
to get to know him better.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Should I spend the evening with Amada?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Spend time with him   
Not now   
   
Ken Amada   
...Yes?   
   
-----   
   
Ken Amada   
Oh, Arisato-san... Can I help you?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
I'd like to talk.   
How have you been?   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - With me...? Okay, but why so suddenly?   
   
Ken Amada   
Uh, well... I'm okay.   
Why are you asking?   
   
Ken Amada   
You aren't... worried about me, are you?   
Happy - If so, thank you, but I'm totally fine.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
That's a relief.   
Just don't overdo it.   
You can always talk to me.   
   
Ken Amada   
It must be tough being the leader and always needing to spread your concern among everyone.   
   
Ken Amada   
Yeah, I wouldn't want to push myself so hard that I cause trouble for everyone else.   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - I'll do that. You're really caring, Arisato-san.   
   
Ken Amada   
Thanks for going out of your way to check on me. I'll do my best not to worry you.   
Well then, good ni—   
   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - Come to think of it, I haven't had dinner yet. I should probably eat something...   
Sad - ......   
   
Ken Amada   
Um, Arisato-san...   
You wouldn't happen to be hungry, would you?   
   
===============================================================================================   
   
Server   
Welcome! Take any open seat.   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - ......   
Sad - ...He's not here.   
   
Ken Amada   
Oh, uh, it's nothing!   
   
Ken Amada   
Sorry for asking you to go out all of a sudden.   
I just wanted someone to come with me. It's a little intimidating going to get food by myself.   
People tend to stare when they see an elementary school kid like me out on his own.   
   
Server   
Your order?   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Two specials.   
Two regulars.   
A kid's ramen.   
   
Server   
Two specials, comin' right up!   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - Seems like that's the thing to get, huh. Thanks for ordering.   
   
Server   
Two regulars, comin' right up!   
   
Ken Amada   
Thank you.   
Hm, looks like there's a special ramen too. I wonder if that's what most people get.   
   
Server   
Err, sorry, we don't have that here...   
   
Ken Amada   
Surprised - I-I'm fine with the regular! I can totally eat that much!   
Sad - That was mean, Arisato-san... Please don't treat me like a kid.   
   
Ken Amada   
...So I saw some people from our dorm stop by here a while back.   
Like Sanada-san, and that guy who recently joined... Aragaki-san.   
Do you come here with them too, Arisato-san? What kinds of things do you talk about?   
   
Ken Amada   
...Oh, sorry for asking something so weird.   
I just thought I should know a bit more about everyone, since we'll be fighting together from now on.   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - But it's good either way, 'cause I've always wanted to have a proper chat with you, Arisato-san.   
Happy - Everyone in the dorm is amazing, but you're on a completely different level.   
I can't believe how many Personas you're able to use!   
   
Server   
Here you are!   
   
Ken Amada   
Ikutsuki-san and Mitsuru-san said that each person normally has only one Persona, and that it doesn't change.   
Sad - That means, what I saw back then was really...   
   
Ken Amada   
...Uh, it's nothing! Sorry. Shall we eat?   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - Whew, I finished all the soup too. I'm stuffed!   
   
TV Sound   
Phoenix Ranger Featherman R: The Melancholy of Swallow will air this winter as a TV special!   
   
Ken Amada   
Surprised - Huh!?   
Happy - Wow, a spin-off with Swallow as the main character! I gotta make sure I record that!   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Do you like that series?   
What's this about?   
That sounds interesting.   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - Yeah, I watch it every week without fail! But this TV special is big news!   
Happy - Swallow doesn't usually make much of an impression, but there's a theory that he's actually stronger than Hawk!   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - They just announced a TV special for an ongoing superhero series!   
Happy - And it's with Feather Swallow. Out of the five members, he's the one you'd least expect!   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - Yeah, it is! This is big news!   
Happy - Swallow doesn't usually make much of an impression, but there's a theory that he's actually stronger than Hawk!   
   
Ken Amada   
Surprised - Ah...   
I, uh... heard that from a friend. TV shows like that seem to be popular in my class.   
I only watch them so I have something to talk about... Haha.   
   
Ken Amada   
Anyway, it's been a while since I've enjoyed a meal like this.   
I guess it's because I'm eating with you, Arisato-san.   
Happy - You're really easy to talk to, and the ramen was delicious. Maybe next time we can—   
   
Sad - ......   
   
Ken Amada   
...Um, it's nothing.   
It's getting late. We should start heading back.   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - It was... delicious?   
Sad - ...No. This food was not delicious.   
Angry - Don't let yourself think like that.   
   
===============================================================================================   
   
Energetic Boy   
Hey, Amada!   
You on your way home? Us too, we just finished eating dinner.   
   
Calm Mother   
Oh, are you from the same class, Amada-kun?   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - ...Yes. It's nice to meet you.   
   
Energetic Boy   
Oh yeah, Amada, you gotta join next month's soccer tournament!   
We've all been waiting for you, y'know? We can even practice together after school!   
   
Ken Amada   
Happy - I'll have to pass.   
Sad - I'm not even sure if I could make it next month.   
   
Energetic Boy   
Aww, come on, we can't win without you! You're better than all of us!   
   
Calm Mother   
You can't pressure someone like that. Can't you see you're bothering him?   
I'm sure Amada-kun has a lot going on, isn't that right?   
   
Ken Amada   
Oh, no, it's fine.   
   
Calm Mother   
I'm sorry, please excuse us. You should hurry home too, Amada-kun.   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - Home...   
   
(SE) Calm Mother   
Come on, let's get going. Your grandma is waiting for us.   
   
(SE) Energetic Boy   
But Mooom, if Amada doesn't join us, we're gonna get totally creamed!   
   
Ken Amada   
Sorry about that.   
Sad - ......   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Do you not like playing soccer?   
Do you guys not get along?   
   
Ken Amada   
Sad - No, it's not that.   
I just have enough to do. Second semester has already started, and we have to go to Tartarus at night.   
I know we'll be going through a lot from now on, so I decided to not make any promises.   
   
Ken Amada   
More importantly, sorry for keeping you out so late.   
Happy - Let's make our way back to the dorm.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I parted with Amada and   
returned to my room...   
I feel like my    
improved after thinking about   
what's on Amada's mind...   
   
