Ken's Voice
Ha...! Hyah!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
...?
Sounds like he's doing
something in his room.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Should I spend the evening with Amada?

Ken's Voice
Hah! Hyah...!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Looks like Amada is in his room.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Should I spend the evening with Amada?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Spend time with him
Not now

Ken Amada
Surprised - Oh. Who's ther—

Surprised - ...Gah! Ow!

-----

Ken Amada
Sad - Arisato-san...?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Am I interrupting something?
I was asked to check in on you.
I heard some noise.

Ken Amada
Surprised - Oh, um...
I was just cleaning my room. Sorry, was it too loud?

Ken Amada
Sad - Oh, was I making too much noise?
Sorry, I was cleaning... I hope no one was complaining.

Ken Amada
Sad - Sorry, I knocked over some stuff while I was cleaning.
Sad - I guess sound travels really well around here. I'll be more careful.

Ken Amada
Okay then, good night.
......

Ken Amada
Sad - ...Um, Arisato-san.
Sad - Actually, there's something I'd like to talk about. Will you come in?

===============================================================================================

Ken Amada
Happy - Sorry it's so messy in here. This won't take long.

Ken Amada
Sad - I actually have a favor to ask of you.

Ken Amada
You see, I have a pet hamster.
I got him when I was living with my mom and he's been with me ever since, so I decided to bring him here.

Ken Amada
Sad - If, for some reason, I don't make it back here in the future, then this little guy will be all alone.
So...
Could you help look after him if that happens, Arisato-san?

Minato Arisato - Selection
That won't happen.
That might be difficult.
Why me?

Ken Amada
Of course. I have you guys with me, so I won't go down easily.
Sad - ...But, you never know, right?
Sad - It was the same with my mom. Everything happened so suddenly...

Ken Amada
Sad - Sorry I'm bringing this up out of nowhere. I know it's a bit of an unreasonable request.
Sad - But you're the only one I can ask.
Sad - You even came to see me today. You look out for the ones around you, so I'm sure he'd be happy with you...

Ken Amada
Happy - Because you're our leader, and you're basically already an adult. I know how capable you are.
Happy - You even came to see me today. You look out for the ones around you, so I'm sure he'd be happy with you...

Ken Amada
So please, I can even provide a little something as thanks.
Sad - I'll give you all my allowance and the rest of my New Year's money... And I'll give you all the comics here, plus whatever else you want!

Minato Arisato - Selection
Hypothetically speaking.
If it makes you feel better.

Ken Amada
Okay, that works for me!

Ken Amada
Happy - Well, aren't you the lucky one?
Happy - But when that happens, you better listen to him, okay?

Minato Arisato - Selection
What's his name?
Cute.

Ken Amada
Surprised - Uhh... His name...
Sad - ...It's Hamburger...

Ken Amada
Happy - Hey, did you hear that, Hamburger? Arisato-san complimented you!

Ken Amada
...Oh, uhh, Hamburger is his name, by the way...

Minato Arisato - Selection
That's a good name.
Is that your favorite food?
Sounds delicious...

Ken Amada
Sad - You think so? Mom used to always laugh about it.
Happy - The night he came home with me, we had hamburgers for dinner, so that's why.

Ken Amada
My favorite would be omelet rice, but hamburgers are a close second.
The night he came home with me, we had hamburgers for dinner, so that's why.

Ken Amada
Surprised - Y-You can't eat him!
Happy - But, you know what? I think my mom laughed and said the same thing back then.

Ken Amada
Happy - Anyways, thank you so much. That's a big relief.
There's not much time left now...

Ken Amada
Happy - Sorry again for the disturbance. Could you apologize to everyone else for me?
Happy - It's getting late, so I'm going to bed soon.

Ken Amada
Sad - Um, actually... can I ask you one more thing?

Ken Amada
Sad - Everyone in this dorm is so kind.
Sad - They always come up to me for a casual chat, and they treat me like a normal person.
Sad - Sure, there were plenty of adults who showed concern for me, but I feel like the people here are a little different...

Ken Amada
Sad - And you came to check in on me again today.
Sad - But why? Why does everyone here care about what happens to me?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Because we're a team.
Because I know how it feels.
No particular reason.

Ken Amada
A team...
I only just joined, but you already think of me as one of your own?

Ken Amada
Oh, right, your parents—

I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that.

Ken Amada
Happy - I think that level of casualness works better for me.
Happy - No one's treated me as normally as this.

Ken Amada
...I guess that was a weird question, wasn't it? Sorry, don't mind me.
But... maybe I should've asked sooner.

Ken Amada
...I don't know if I'll be able to fully repay you for your kindness, but I'll do my best.
Okay then, good night.

Ken Amada
......
Arisato-san, I'm really glad you came.
Thank you, and I'm sorry. I won't let you down.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I left the silent hallway
and returned to my room...
I feel like my  has improved
after accepting Amada's desperate request...

