Ken Amada
Did you see my message? I have a request for you...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Seems like he has some business with me...
Should I spend the evening with Amada?

Ken Amada
Um, Arisato-san, do you have some spare time right now?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Seems like he has some business with me...
Should I spend the evening with Amada?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Spend time with him
Not now

Ken Amada
Happy - Thank you. Well, let's head to the roof first...

Ken Amada
Oh, I see. Well, maybe next time. Hopefully, you'll be free then.

-----

Ken Amada
Sorry for making you come all the way up here.

Minato Arisato - Selection
What's your request?
It's cold...

Ken Amada
Well...

Ken Amada
Sad - S-Sorry! But we might disturb everyone in the dorms.
It'll be quick. I was just hoping...

Ken Amada
Angry - ...Would you have a practice match with me? Right here, right now!

Ken Amada
It's just, now we're going up against that thing that lived inside of you, right, Arisato-san?
I thought if we sparred, I could get an idea of how well I would do against it.

Ken Amada
Sad - ...I trained in secret for a long time, so I could avenge my mom's death.
That was the only time I could forget the pain—when I was alone, swinging my spear.
But, I've changed since then.

Ken Amada
I want to use this power to help me live my own life.
Sad - I promised that I'd see this through to the end. I have to make good on that.

Ken Amada
Anyway, I want you to see me the way I am now, Arisato-san.
Of course, I don't want us to actually get hurt, so I'll be using this.
And this one's for you.

Minato Arisato - Selection
If you insist.
Please go easy on me.

Ken Amada
Happy - Thank you for this!
Now then...

Ken Amada
Angry - Please take this seriously. Otherwise, there's no point.

Ken Amada
Angry - Hyaa!

(SE) Ken Amada
......

Ken Amada
...I never noticed you could see the stars so clearly up here.
Happy - You were just as strong as I thought, Arisato-san.

Ken Amada
Happy - I had no chance. At least now I know where I stand compared to you.

Minato Arisato - Selection
Are you satisfied?
Are you hurt?

Ken Amada
Happy - Yes, I gave it my all.
Although, it is still frustrating to see such a difference in our skills.

Ken Amada
Happy - I'm all right. But I am glad I decided to use toy weapons!

Ken Amada
...Arisato-san, I don't know what decision you'll make in the end.
But as long as there's time, I won't stop training.
Happy - So, would you mind if I challenged you again sometime?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Anytime.
I don't know yet.
You're ten years too early.

Ken Amada
Happy - Thank you! I'll get closer to beating you, just wait!

Ken Amada
Sad - ...That's fair. It's not easy to say for sure.
Still, I plan to do the most that I can.

Ken Amada
Happy - You might be right.
Either way, there's not much time left. I'll just have to cram ten years' worth of experience into my training.

Ken Amada
I really like it here.
I've made so many memories since coming to this dorm.
Sad - ...Both fun and difficult ones.
But I feel like "living" means carrying it all with you and moving forward.

Ken Amada
Sad - I used to think I didn't have a place to call home.
But I realized, that's not something you get from someone else.
Home—my real home—is the place that helps me move forward.
Happy - That's why I believe fighting to come back here is what Aragaki-san would've wanted.

Ken Amada
I've learned that everyone at the dorm has their own reasons for staying.
And that means I need to do my best, too.
Sad - I never would've figured that out if I didn't have you all behind me.

Ken Amada
...Achoo!

Ken Amada
I like being on the rooftop at night, but maybe it's too cold to be out here in December.
Can we talk some more inside? I'd like to go over today's battle before I forget.

Ken Amada
Happy - Oh and while we're at it, you should say hi to Hamburger too!
Happy - Maybe it's because it's winter, but his fur's gotten so fluffy and cute.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
After chatting with Amada in his
room, I headed back to mine.
I was inspired by how honest
Amada was with his feelings...

PFM_SPUP_0_0
Max SP has increased by 3.

