Ken Amada - MSG_000_0_0   
Oh, Arisato-san.   
I'm glad I found you. It was kind of nerve-racking to come to the high school campus all by myself...   
Anyway, I'm here to drop off something Sanada-san forgot.   
Happy - He's usually so put together, but sometimes he can be just a little scatterbrained.   
   
Ken Amada - MSG_001_0_0   
......   
Speaking of forgetfulness...   
Do you remember someone named Aragaki-san...? He was at the dorm for a little while.   
   
Ken Amada - MSG_002_0_0   
I didn't really talk with him all that much, but whenever he crosses my mind...   
Sad - ...I feel this ache in my chest—and unbearably sad. It's as if I've forgotten something important.   
Sad - Though I'm not sure what...   
Sad - I get the feeling that there was something I had to do.   
Sad - I just... don't know what it is, or why I feel this way.   
   
Ken Amada - MSG_003_0_0   
Oh, um... Sorry about that. You're really easy to talk to, so I kept going on and on...   
Happy - I appreciate that you always listen to what I have to say though, Arisato-san.   
Happy - You even went with me to buy tea, and you don't treat me like I'm just a little kid...   
Happy - So, um... thanks for everything.   
   
Ken Amada - MSG_004_0_0   
Oh, um... Sorry about that. You're really easy to talk to, so I kept going on and on...   
Happy - I appreciate that you always listen to what I have to say though, Arisato-san.   
Happy - You even went to the movies with me, and you don't treat me like I'm just a little kid...   
Happy - So, um... thanks for everything.   
   
Ken Amada - MSG_005_0_0   
I'm still just a kid, aren't I? I wish there was a way for me to grow up more quickly...   
Sad - No matter how grown-up I try to act, people still end up protecting me.   
Sad - There's always someone sheltering me...   
Sad - I wonder if I'll ever be strong enough to protect someone else instead...   
   
