Mutatsu
I thought your face looked familiar... You here again, kid?
Even Buddha's not that forgiving. Alright, that's it. I'm gonna hand you over to the bouncer and...

Mutatsu
Well, there's no Buddha in this world, so... Stop lookin' at me like that and sit down, kid.

Mutatsu
Angry - ...So tell me, is it that fun hanging out with an old monk whose own wife and kid left him?

Mutatsu
Angry - How come you're always alone when I see ya? Don'tcha got any friends?

Minato Arisato - Selection
I can't say I don't.
I don't have any friends.

Mutatsu
Angry - What the hell's that supposed to mean? Either ya do or ya don't. Don't get smart with me, kid.

Mutatsu
Angry - What would you call a "friend," anyway? Where do you draw the line between "friend" and "acquaintance"?

Mutatsu
Either ya like being alone, or ya got problems... In any case, well said. No hesitation whatsoever.

Mutatsu
Happy - Don't worry if ya don't got any friends. Most of life's troubles come from human relationships anyway.

Mutatsu
...Let's define a "friend" as... someone you hold dear.
The way I see it, no one in this world ever really cares for others...
People always want somethin' out of a relationship. They only really love themselves.

Mutatsu
You don't call someone who doesn't like you your friend, do ya? No, 'cause you know you won't get nothin' from 'em.
Which means, in this world, there's no one you can truly hold dear.
At the end of the lonely road of love, kid, you're the only one left standin' there.

Mutatsu
Happy - But, you see those gals over there, the ones on the dance floor?
Happy - If you can bring one of 'em over here, I'll be your friend in return. Eh? Whaddaya think? I know you can do it!

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I felt Mutatsu's warped trust in me.
I feel like I understand
Mutatsu a little better now...

Mutatsu
...Too tired to go talk to 'em, eh? Heh, you look like you're gonna doze off any second now.
Go home for now, kid. Besides, I know you're gonna come again anyway, even if I tell you not to.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I said goodbye to Mutatsu
and went back to the dorm.

