Mutatsu   
You're late. I was just thinkin' about leaving...   
You been comin' here a lot too, huh?   
   
Mutatsu   
Are you alright, kid? You know, financially, paying for the drinks here...   
High school kids don't have much money, do they? At least, I never gave much to my son.   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
I have enough.   
I'm not NOT struggling...   
   
Mutatsu   
Do you, now...? Hmph, I guess you kids have ways to make money these days.   
   
Mutatsu   
You're not doin' anything illegal, though, are ya, kid? Not that I care.   
   
Mutatsu   
Angry - ...What the hell kinda answer is that? What're they teachin' you kids at school these days?   
   
Mutatsu   
Angry - I don't like your roundabout way of talkin'. It's a yes or a no. Speak clearly.   
   
Mutatsu   
By the way, lemme ask you: Is there anything you want right now?   
...And I mean somethin' you can buy with money. Not some crap like "love" or "a sense of humor."   
   
Minato Arisato - Selection   
Yes.   
No.   
   
Mutatsu   
Hmph, that was a stupid question. I should've guessed.   
   
Mutatsu   
Materialistic desire can lead to aspiration, but still...   
   
Mutatsu   
Angry - Hmph, don't tell me you've attained enlightenment at your age.   
   
Mutatsu   
Back when I was a young man, I never had enough money to buy the things I wanted.   
   
Mutatsu   
When you get to be my age... Hmm, well. Try thinkin' about it this way.   
You work to make money so you can have a better life, but to make enough money, you gotta work all the time...   
So you never get to enjoy that better life you're working so hard to have... Quite a paradox, isn't it?   
   
Mutatsu   
...Do you know what the average lifetime income of a white-collar worker is?   
Including a retirement fund and an annual pension...   
It's 250,000,000 yen! That's not even close to a lottery jackpot.   
   
Mutatsu   
Happy - Thanks to me, you learned somethin' new today, eh, kid?   
   
Mutatsu   
Happy - Now, don't waste your life workin' all the time tryin' to get rich. Just take life as it comes.   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
Mutatsu's words are harsh,   
but I can feel his kindness...   
I feel like I understand   
Mutatsu a little better now...   
   
Mutatsu   
Angry - I worked my ass off for a lousy 250,000,000 yen! And for what!?   
Angry - I wish I could buy back all the time I lost...   
   
Minato Arisato - Thoughts   
I said goodbye to Mutatsu   
and went back to the dorm.   
   
