Mutatsu
Angry - Oh, it's you...
Sad - Hey, can ya help me out, kid...? I don't feel so good...

Mutatsu
Angry - Dammit... I can't believe I let this happen... How pathetic...

Mutatsu
Angry - Ugh... I'm in bad shape...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Are you okay?
You should go home.

Mutatsu
Angry - I just told you I'm in bad shape, didn't I!? Don't piss me off, kid. It's making my headache worse...

Mutatsu
Angry - I'm not gonna waste my breath repeating myself.

Mutatsu
Angry - Yeah, you're right, kid... I should go home and sleep...

Mutatsu
Sad - But, even if I go home...

Mutatsu
Sad - I completely forgot I have a memorial service to conduct... Reciting the Heart Sutra with a hangover is gonna be rough...
Sad - Back in the day, all I needed was a cold shower, and I'd be fine no matter how much I drank. I guess I'm gettin' old, huh...

Mutatsu
It's always in times like these... ah... when it's hardest to be alone...

Minato Arisato - Selection
You live by yourself?
Do you have any coworkers?

Mutatsu
You act like you don't care about others, kid, but you sure can be nosy when you want to.
I got all these gaudy rings on now, but I used to wear a wedding ring, ya know.

Mutatsu
Hm? You asking if there are other monks at my temple?
My temple's small, and I don't depend on nobody but myself. I'm the only one there.

Mutatsu
If ya think about it, it's better to be alone... Less stress.
You don't hafta wait for someone else to get outta the bathroom when ya need to go. My son took forever in there.

Mutatsu
...Yeah, livin' alone is the way to achieve peace and serenity!
...Everything we see has form. No form has permanence. It's all in constant motion.
Form has no self... Its true face is that of "emptiness."
And yet, form is emptiness, and emptiness is form. No two things in this world are the same.

Mutatsu
Well, to put it simply...

Mutatsu
No matter how hard you try to live your life right, someone else can always mess it up.
Because form is emptiness, and emptiness is form...
Happy - Maybe getting involved with you messed up my life a bit, too. Heheh...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Contrary to his words, I can sense
feelings of affection from Mutatsu.
I feel like I understand
Mutatsu a little better now...

Mutatsu
Angry - I'm gonna go home, kid... My head's killin' me.
Angry - Oh, yeah, about the memorial service... It was a seventh-day memorial.
Angry - Kid was only nineteen... A random murder victim. What a harsh world we live in...

Mutatsu
You be careful on your way home too, kid.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I said goodbye to Mutatsu
and went back to the dorm.

