Mutatsu
Oh, there you are.
I'm feelin' down today, kid. You mind listenin' to what this old monk has to say?

Mutatsu
Those folks downstairs, they're probably around your age, eh?
It looks like they're havin' fun drinkin' and dancin', but... you look closely, their eyes say otherwise.

Mutatsu
I bet they come here to relieve stress from the day. But, I wonder if any of 'em are actually enjoying themselves...
Stress won't go away unless you deal with the root of the issue... You can put it off, but it'll always come back.

Mutatsu
This place is more of a refuge than a club to me.
If those kids really wanna relax, we should switch the music to the Heart Sutra, and...

Mutatsu
Happy - ...Hey! There's a microphone over there. Bring it over, kid! I'll perform a live sutra reading.

Minato Arisato - Selection
Really?
You probably shouldn't...

Mutatsu
Angry - ...Is that supposed to be "really" in a good way? Or "really" in a don't-do-it way?

Mutatsu
Angry - Don't just talk to talk, kid; say what you mean and get straight to the point.

Mutatsu
Angry - ...Eh, forget it! I don't feel like doing it anymore. It's too late to apologize, kid.

Mutatsu
Happy - ...Don't underestimate me, kid. My reading of the Heart Sutra will change your life!

Mutatsu
...But, I guess you're right. This place is too small to recite it properly.

Mutatsu
Sad - I've got a kid around their age, y'know... My one and only son.
Sad - He'll be 21 this year... Just a little older than you... if he's alive, that is.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I felt an almost fatherly
concern from Mutatsu.
Perhaps because he was projecting
his feelings for his son...
I feel like I understand
Mutatsu a little better now...

Mutatsu
You think it's okay to leave the future of this country in the hands of these kids?
...I mean, what if they all end up like me?
Well, it ain't like I've got high hopes for the future... Form is emptiness, emptiness is form.

Mutatsu
...Oh, sorry. I'm done talkin' now.

Mutatsu
Go home before it gets too late, alright? I'll see ya next time.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I said goodbye to Mutatsu
and went back to the dorm.

