Mutatsu
Determined - ...You're late... What kept ya, huh?

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Mutatsu stinks of alcohol
more than he usually does...
He must have been drinking a lot.

Mutatsu
Determined - Don't you think it's... *hic* rude to make sum'one wait?

Mutatsu
Angry - Didn't Dad tell you not to do that, huh?

Minato Arisato - Selection
Dad?
It's my first time hearing it.
......

Mutatsu
Determined - "Dad"? Did you jush call me "Dad"?

Mutatsu
Determined - You alwaysh call me an ol' bastard, but you're only nice whenever ya need sum money...

Mutatsu
Determined - ...Huh? *hic* It'sh the first time I'm telling you?
Determined - Oh... Thas right, I guess it is...

Mutatsu
Determined - ...Tch, Ignorin' me? Well, *hic* I guessh I can't ecshpect much from a kid of your generation.

Mutatsu
Determined - I thought you got in an' dropped dead somewhere or somethin'...

Mutatsu
Determined - Don't make me worry like that...
Determined - Where the hell were ya wanderin' around? Iss late!

Minato Arisato - Selection
I was with a friend.
I was studying.
None of your business.

Mutatsu
Angry - A friend, huh? A girl? It's a girl, ain't it? Even though you're still sponging off your parents...
Determined - Hmph, well, like father, like son, I guess...

Mutatsu
Angry - Studyin'!? What, you wanna go to college so you can work at some big company?

Mutatsu
Determined - Don't bother... Even if you busht your ass... Don'tcha remember what you and your mom did to me...?

Mutatsu
Determined - W-Well, thas true... *hic* It's none of my business...

Mutatsu
Angry - But watch your mouth! Who the hell do you think raished you, huh!?

Mutatsu
Determined - Uh... Hmm...? YOU...?

Mutatsu
Sad - Wh-What the...? All this time, I thought you were... I guess my eyesight is getting bad after all...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
It seems Mutatsu was worried about me.
I feel like I understand
Mutatsu a little better now...

Mutatsu
Angry - ...Spending all my time with clients... Missing anniversaries and birthdays...
I wonder if they felt the same way I did, when I was waiting for you earlier...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Who's "they"?
What're you talking about?

Mutatsu
My wife and son... We were all together back when I was still a businessman.

Mutatsu
It's already been four years now... since they left me...

Mutatsu
Before I became a monk... I was a plain ol' businessman. The three of us were just a typical family.

Mutatsu
But, they both left me... My wife and my son... It's been four years now.

Mutatsu
I used to stay out past midnight all the time, and my wife and I would always fight about it...
...Now when I go home, I don't know what to do with myself, so I just come here and drink every night.

Minato Arisato - Selection
Do you miss your family?
Are you running away?

Mutatsu
Angry - O-Of course not! They're the ones that abandoned me y'know!?

Mutatsu
Sad - Besides... after all this time... I don't know how to face them...

Mutatsu
Sad - Yeah... You're absolutely right. I shaved my head, but that was just for show...

Mutatsu
Angry - I get drunk to avoid facing my problems... So, yeah, I guess you could say I'm runnin' away.

Mutatsu
Angry - ...She hasn't contacted me since then. They must've gotten over me already.

Mutatsu
Sad - I have no idea where they are... Or if they'd even wanna see me...
It's too much of a hassle.

Mutatsu
Alright, kid, enough of the depressing talk. Let's get outta here. I wanna go home and take a shower.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I left the club with Mutatsu.

