Mutatsu
Sad - Hey... Sorry about last time, when, you know...
Sad - ...Forget about it, alright?

Mutatsu
Anyway, would you mind listenin' to this old man complain?
I'm sober today, so... sit tight, will ya?

Mutatsu
All I had to do was look all serious and recite the sutras... I could make easy money from donations...
That's what I thought. That's why I set aside my pride and begged my parents to let me take over the temple.

Mutatsu
But every day is someone's death anniversary! Kinda makes you think how long people've been around!
Angry - I'm workin' memorial service after memorial service 24/7, as if my little temple was some kinda convenience store...

Minato Arisato - Selection
Why not take a break?
Poor men know no leisure.

Mutatsu
Angry - If only I could... But I have a strong sense of duty.

Mutatsu
Happy - I can't say no to someone who needs my service. It's the burden of a strong moral compass.

Mutatsu
...That's only half true, kid. Sure, I've got no time for leisure, but I'm definitely not poor.

Mutatsu
It varies, of course, but an offering can sometimes be as much as a white-collar worker's year-end bonus.

Mutatsu
Sad - ...But, as you can see, I'm too busy.
I gotta push this old body of mine to the limit. I hate this "work your ass off" mentality.

Mutatsu
Maybe I should think of somethin' else to do with my life. I can't keep this up for much longer... My alcohol tolerance is weaker too.
I've been drinkin' too much lately... Makin' a fool of myself like I did the other day.

Minato Arisato - Selection
Hang in there.
Time to retire?

Mutatsu
...Thanks. I know you're just tryin' to make me feel better, but... I'll take it.

Mutatsu
Sad - Yeah, maybe you're right. Ya gotta know when to quit when you're ahead.

Mutatsu
Oh, then how's this for an excuse...?

Mutatsu
We never filed for divorce, and I've got some pretty good real estate now that I've inherited this temple.
It's not a bad deal. I've got enough money that I can retire and just enjoy the rest of my life.
Whaddaya think?

Minato Arisato - Selection
What's this about?
I don't really care.

Mutatsu
Sad - Oh, um... Well...

Mutatsu
Sad - Come on, don't gimme that. I really put a lotta thought into this.

Mutatsu
I'm thinking about asking them to come back... You know, my wife... and my son.

Mutatsu
First, I gotta find out where they are. I'll hire a detective. I don't care how much it costs.
And when I see 'em, first thing I'm gonna do is tell 'em I'm sorry... from the bottom of my heart.
Sad - I'm gonna be concentratin' on them, so... I probably won't be seein' ya anytime soon...

Mutatsu
Angry - W-Well, I'm glad this is it. One brat is all I can handle at a time, and I've gotta deal with my own son now.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Despite his harsh words, Mutatsu
sounds like he's going to miss me...
I feel like I understand
Mutatsu a little better now...

Mutatsu
If I knew it was gonna end up like this, I never woulda become a monk...
I guess I'll go to a detective agency tomorrow...

Mutatsu
Alright, let's get going, kid.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I left the club with Mutatsu.

