Mutatsu
...Maybe this is what they call divine guidance.
The detective called me this morning and said he found my wife and son.

Mutatsu
He said they're runnin' a small restaurant. It sounds like it's pretty popular among the locals.
My son's married, and his wife is pregnant... Sure makes me feel old...

Mutatsu
I ain't comin' back 'til I earn their forgiveness. So... I'll be outta town for a while.
I decided the next time I saw your face would be the day I leave. So, I'll be goin' tonight.
I'll get down on my knees if I hafta. If my son wants to sock me in the face, well, that's fine too.

Mutatsu
I-I've been thinkin' about proposing to my wife again... even though I'm not so good with words...
Happy - I'm gonna say, "I wanna recite the sutras with you by my side, for the rest of my life." ...Well? How's that sound?

Minato Arisato - Selection
That's awesome.
It's missing something.

Mutatsu
Happy - Aw, c'mon, kid, you're... you're embarrassin' me.

Mutatsu
Happy - You don't know nothin'! She's gonna burst into tears when she hears that! No copyin' it, alright?

Mutatsu
Might not mean much comin' from a monk who couldn't relinquish thoughts of the family he lost...
But I was finally able to face the fact that I was drinkin' to hide my true feelings. It was... an enlightenment of sorts.

Mutatsu
Happy - Hmph, it's all your fault, kid. After lecturin' you all those nights...
Happy - You started remindin' me of my son.

Mutatsu
Happy - Maybe Buddha sent you to help me... I gotta admit, I believe in fate.
Had I not met you, I don't think I'd ever see my family again.
I owe ya, kid...

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
Mutatsu thanked me from
the bottom of his heart...
I feel like we really
understand each other now...

SYS_010_0_0
The Tower Social Link reached its maximum level! You can now fuse **Chi You**, the warrior king!

Mutatsu
Here, take this... Think of it as a goodbye gift.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
DEV: *Unused message label. *If this appears, it is a bug.

Mutatsu
When you mix Cointreau with white rum and lemon juice, and shake it...
You get a cocktail called "XYZ."

Mutatsu
Movies and manga often use the initials "XYZ" to symbolize the end of something.
Happy - But, I consider XYZ to be the best of the best... It tastes sooo good goin' down.

Mutatsu
Happy - I'll be prayin' that your future will be XYZ...
Happy - ...So long, kid.

Minato Arisato - Thoughts
I held the reserve tag tightly
and returned to the dorm.

