Bartender - MSG_000_0_0
Aren't you the boy who used to talk to the monk upstairs?
He actually called here trying to reach you. Seems like he was wondering how you were doing.
Come to think of it, I think he left a message for you...
What was it he said again...?
Hey, hey, don't give me that look. Just hang on a sec.

Bartender - MSG_001_0_0
Found it! Here you go.
I actually wrote it all down. Didn't think I had it in me, did ya?
Let's see... Oh man, the handwriting is awful. Who the hell wrote this...?

Letter from Mutatsu - MSG_002_0_0
"I found my wife and son."
"My son's still a good-for-nothing punk, and my wife is frigid as usual..."
"She's like an old witch... What do you want!? I'm on the phone! ...Hey, don't write this down, alright?"
"A lot's happened, but I apologized a thousand times, and I worked to make things right."
"I guess you could say we fell in love all over again."
"I realized..."
"Instead of holding onto my pride, I needed to just suck it up and apologize."
"And it's all thanks to you, Arisato..."
"...Well, you take care, kid. If it's meant to be, we'll see each other again."

Bartender - MSG_003_0_0
...That's the gist of it. I'm pretty sure I got everything he said.
Oh, and don't bother asking for a number. He didn't say.
But like he said, you'll see him again if it's meant to be.
Don't they say like... fate lies in God's hands or something...? Oh, wait, that'd be Buddha for the monk, huh...
Anyways, that's that. If fate does bring you two back together, why don'tcha come party over here again?

Bartender - MSG_004_0_0

Bartender - MSG_005_0_0
The monk left you a bottle tag, didn't he? I'd give you the bottle, but...
How many years will it be until you're old enough to drink? ...Well, I'll save it specially for you.
Until then, make sure you stick to soft drinks. I'll see ya around.

Bartender - MSG_006_0_0

